0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Yes. Interactive   for section of Okay, the first okay. I did excellent. Why do you think you did so long? Well because I did everything they want me to do and I did it without feeling. Yes.  Does a lot of it wasn't that challenging? I've been to this before. I've done similar things not as a test wise but I've done stuff like this in the past.   Just over talk around with some of the fellows hanging out. Can you do this? Can you do that and what not? barbaric seen O'Connors being guys type thing Yes, it's me problem. Someone yeah, pretty much. I'm pretty accurate. I try to be precise. A lot of things I do I tried to have a system attic way about things. I try to be like programs that right have a certain set procedure of doing things.    I've been to several. Yes, it was July 5th. That's when I was a few years ago. Recently. I haven't had much time, but I might be joyous computers, but I do enjoy it was for fun. I did enjoy going to carnivals. Yes.     Okay.
1 T/E:MUSICAL  Yes.    Most of our trivia when I was in our Catholic school we had to do a lot of songs just on the regular yearly basis, so we did a lot of religious songs if at all types we had to play with it, which who plays every year. One for the full of Christmas and then one for the Easter holiday, so weak, and we had a single lot of songs so we did quite a bit extra curricular activities.   No.  Now I'm pretty flexible about music actually really care. I don't have a choice like. Whenever you want to listen to I'm pretty flexible with. You when I have to do surveys like this yes.   
2 LD/HE:SURVIVAL  Yes.  Not so well poor.  Well cuz well Charlie Gahanna computer all day. I feel like this the last several years, so lot of this outdoor extra curricular activities. I'm not really fond of for it for example ottaway friends like why the state to my job in the state of Washington. They do a lot of mountain climbing a lot of other stuff, and I'm just the type to not go in. Don't feel like on the nature type guy.   Yes.     MetLife done camping once last summer I wasn't fond of it. It was more well. Well, white water rafting.  White water rafting was fun, but cancel overnight was very scared actually never done that before. Oregon  yes, I had my I had a 10 and we just found along the river to camp and just   That I really didn't do much with the food. I was with a good friends family, and they managed to take care of all that for me. No.  No. Hi, Dan CPR several years ago. Just basic CPR for a simple choking what not No. No. Relation where you needed to use?  yeah, I would would very very interested because I Feel that it's Benito's arises I would want to be helpful as opposed to someone can't do anything. I would have a guilty conscience. I can't help someone. Insight into so well. I really realize that. I've always consider going back for a CPR. in a refresher course and take an advanced CPR    I lived in New York City since September last of last year 2003.  I lived in, New Jersey. 
3 T/H:FOODWINE  Yes.  34 Tonight maybe I don't drink much I drink of virus on the way, and I am I'm pretty much on a some sort of force diet with a lot of food that you because I just can't definitely of a sensitive stomach.   Joseph it's they have stuff that I like like a verbal select usually Italian restaurants because I like I'm very limited so I eat chicken basically our posture. That's my extent of eating a lot of stuff. I won't eat pork meat gets me sick, so I don't lot of different things. I don't try. no when I call you every time we try and   I don't usually like a lot of wine 12th at my family will talk about I goes in one ear and out the other I don't really cuz I don't do it much. I don't bother. Trying to remember some of I don't quite understand quite get. So to me why does wine so just brings a friend wouldn't make a difference to me? Not a big interest, but they would require an occasion. My mother father of special my father my mother wasn't much of a drinker, but my father would.  best red wine
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Yes. Good excellent.  Well, I've been I lived in New Jersey, and I come over. I should come over here a lot. And I've been on call me now for 4 years, so I've been around then and now I live out here as well, so I could to life. I know quite a bit with our friends over the past 4 years. September so that one 561   I would need to take the path or I would drive out here. Usually was 33rd Street every now, and then I would put off around Christmas tree but primarily 33rd Street. Where we going on? Anywhere 33rd Street 23rd Street with 9th Street 14th Street Christopher Street? when you were I will use North Penn Station. I have a good one there, and then I will take the City subway in North Cross mark.  Even before then yes. Now it's train camera walk unlimited and welcome to the my knees, but I love taking the trains actually and that's one thing. I'm glad I as a student here at Columbia for at the lot of the train system so that makes life easier for me.  Yes. Manhattan  Just different parts my first out to come around but more less Drive in trying to find a way out of Manhattan in New Jersey, and I first came out here with my friends in high school. And I would have to actually I was the one that actually manage to get this whole by following signs I would not with the car cuz I packed and I didn't know streets to get out of the Jersey like now. I know that if you were to take like 45 to get back to Jersey. I have to take 41st Street. Just lock was at the one way. You know that takes you to the Lincoln Tunnel, and that's what after doing it in a file, or if that's what I would do we get home 41st Street. And then the total so I managed to get lost I finally around during that New York the grid so wasn't too hard to figure out most of the streets.   Hi, Molly, Manhattan. I've been to Brooklyn few times, but I was a big fan of Manhattan.
5 LD/E:CIVICS  I heard you doing the pre poor. Hello, my love that. I'm pretty ignorant a lot of the general knowledge of things X the me, so I don't pay attention to lot of stuff going on around me and I should I'm yes. I do vote, but I don't give enough the type to listen to people around me see what their interests are and who therefore meet with and then from there. I would vote based on what they what their opinion was because I was typically finally got my friends. I was Premed sending calm that way so I figured I felt like they would. No. Most my news, I'll get from yahoo.com, but that's limited a lot of it. I won't pay attention to No.   Not a particular. I've done stuff that covered Pacific like the phone history type courses that actually covered it. Yes. I sent that. That's a well. I actually had to go to summer school 1 year for his request.  Yeah.    Yes. to what extent Yes, I read them. I'm interested in some of them. I don't create with us on the Constitution.  Please say yes.  Yeah, I read. I think was August the whole thing. Okay. 
