0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   start out with  Actually, it's point of purchase really wet lands.  Books a lot of physical activity. pretty athletic and everything so Just something else up pretty natural me. throwing a ball in the garbage can falling commands Get Up Stand Up Just me. I thought it background. What's up, one of them was doing a little Paperwhite into a garbage can? so Been doing all my life.  Another thing was the basic commands of falling to commands. doing Mike it's almost like I'm running a plan at Team Sport. Here's here's the directions everything and just do it all the commit everything so that was. Hello pretty.  done before  I think so yes.  I think most agree.    Yes, I think I'm going to find directions when I create the direction.  I play sports right now seriously now, but seriously, but I do. to play sports  They would still my best friend would say yeah, I'm very coordinating break athlete. No.  Hi, group where that mean that like a fair with come to town every? Mike once a year it was just something that.  Phoenix hi me that much so I didn't go.  Yes. No, I do not.  Does slow things went I did not? I can tie my shoes, but if you pick me up so boat not real tight enough for you. The wellness section I mean.  Did the Taiga not like said no expressed? I'm not so.  Free first Toyota, I doubt very few I doubt few people there at the first try.      Yes. Justin  different work environment different athletic events Where there's a there's a sequence of events and? You just remember asleep with sending you complete them.  Kevin Z Time to plug my complex sequence going to time to to go down yet.  And I'm the first one. where does take much time you always thought I was pretty good at the    
1 LD/E:MUSICAL   I did very Portland Musical. Well music is awesome. Enjoyed listening to It's nothing over hotel at 4. After hello, can I borrow singing all the time and my mom told me that? Shut up, cuz that's pretty bad out of. Who's going to headaches?  No, not really means like this in the car. That's about as I remember.  I attempted luring the instrument and was really bad at it, so I gave it up. I got pretty frustrated about it.   Listen to almost a little bit of everything here except printer in rap.  Is that I? I listened almost anything.  absolutely not  I did not do Wellness section.   Never practiced. I'm sure I would do better but. Music is nothing here find a have a natural building for.   Charles I would be answering some more musical it's always good to like expand your horizons everything, but we're going it's all my other commitments. I don't I really don't have time for it.  
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   I did Wellness action.    Hi, this is just being an active person.  No lights other questions like you're in the woods near by snake. What do you do being an active person and? I would read about that sort of thing so I wouldn't go to look up. What do you do for been by rattlesnake, but? Ivory about this Outdoor Adventure stuff and that sort of thing we come up so  I would read about it and now I asked about it. Then okay. This is what you do. so also, they asked about shark attacks I'm from the West Coast from California where you know for sharks off there, so that you would read about them. ottoman Yeah, you know what to do. Dr. Talked so  Well living in New York, so you know. When I was living in, California. Pencils or Wilderness I wouldn't go. I'm nice. camping trip about the web for we got time but I go skiing I go to the beach for the ocean. Chris Cooper diving  David as a runner study trial runs out in the woods, so. An aspect yeses on the bonus, but like I said, I wasn't. Albert camping for any period of time reading like that    Probably on it. actually Hi, this is like the average guy. I mean you know I watch like the Discovery Channel. They have shark. We can most guys for that. Hey, let's watch that so.  Heck I said like the average guy. especially the average guy from like 4 Monday West Coast or from the beach town  I think most of my good friends. You know that I'm from I notion town in California with. say that I probably not better than somebody from Kansas.  Real training now in the Boy Scouts and what? I was 10 years although Maybe. I told you what their fees bit by snakes.     Out in the woods, not a surly, but I found myself in situations where either to somebody else. Or bang and situation myself, or are you had to use? Basic survival skills I mean. I was in setting broken limbs or anything but you how to make a decision and everything so  See there is a time as I rub the Sacramento River tracks at the American river, which goes to Sacramento. We just stopped at rafting. And a little kid was out there on the air Tim this.  Out there in the middle got a call in the current and panicked. And an attempt to get back short. Kick-Ass us away from the energy trust and back door but the biggest lecture. so we sign up there and dr. Kevin from the back to the shore   That's one situation. No situation recently my brother had a had a seizure and everything so just reacting to that.  making sure he's okay and  Dan Jim the right people there  Who once again depends on the amount of first day basic first aid yes, I can. I could do basic stuff.  But I'm not a doctor my name mean sorry about that so.  Returning, I grow medical attention. Should go to the doctor.  
3 LU/H:FOODWINE   the section at the well long  No because before time back to school here. I was working and making a little money and everything so.  I go out to like some nice restaurants anything. Hello Ms, San Francisco Bay Area. So there's a lot of nice restaurants there to to try out.  When I came here to New York once again. There's a lot of nice restaurants.  I want to try them so I've been to some of the. nice restaurants   American Express, Sir I guess your call American Cuisine some real fat different steakhouses.  Italian  I like Mexican food. So this is a with me not my favorites.  Delhi it's I left professionals it up for me.   why do cut the way I can I can cook a pretty good steak and everything and Teasley all my friends over some steaks and everything some pork and General goes good pretty good reviews  I don't know a whole lot about wine.  I can I can pay the basics.   I'm not an expert by any means.  I would like I'm freaking Merlot. Yes. There's a place in the eighties call Vintage New York's wine shop. That's where I need to go to buy wines.  Glass Bowl winner Bob bolts several bottles over the holidays for myself as a gift. there was Hey, Long Island Winery call Lynch. there was That's a winery that made a ice wine. Which is dessert wine and I bought a bottle that I can't remember the name of it was. I can't tell you the name of it. 
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I did not do to weather.   I say I got maybe. house and 1 square They said that was correct. I couldn't get precise locations. I gave General locations.  No, I'm not. The native New Yorker, I've been here 3 years.  And yes all the places. I just haven't. Really had a chance to I mean. I haven't done a lot of. Hi sing. I'm other places I asked about we're like. Is Empire State Building? I know the general location? I can't I couldn't tell you like the the precise location. I'll be off by a block or two.  Central Park, I was just like it. I know the streets going north and south, but then I was like what's in the center? so  I do enjoy wondering, but I haven't Wonder towards. Your landmark building, just like like local neighborhoods like to the west side and everything Upper, West Side.   Sex or something, I wish I'd done more of but just have it done. No.   I'm surely would enjoy it, but I'm one of my some of those big space, Manhattan verse Brooklyn  I'm going to Brooklyn. To 3 times maybe and just right across the river of Brooklyn Heights right on the river. so took one of the trains 2230 think  only 4 cab on the bike the airport  Yes, we have some time downtown. I work down there in that area briefly down the forties. Hopefully 2nd Street. I must have much time blur. 
5 T/E:CIVICS    Brew will not section My mom is a sub teacher in high school.   Hi, Lauren about Civics in high school. Damn, well working for 2 years. I've worked in Iris. But I did love me work. So for 2 years, I would go back to the Washing DC.  Three 4 times a year to talk to different legislators.  so the pre familiar with the specifics are  Working Mortgage Banking. I go back there at 4, so I'll just make sure that they're aware of the mortgage banking industry with industry did. And there's always laws being considered there, if somebody's Law Group. good Impact us in a positive way or an adverse way, so. I go there, too. Yes, Mr. Payne yesterday vote for the Ashley they support. It should be opposed to it.  hey make sure they're aware of the impact other decisions would have I would also. Like in former members of what was going on and try to get them more involved. running ladders calling the Congress person  We hosted fundraisers for some of them, so.    not About that closely now. when you say, New York, New York City, New York State your stay  Not to the extent the prowl with that I was about to California. Whatever Wellness section to the excellent?   just saying No.  I pay attention to Tucson. I'm not all of them. Yeah, absolutely.   as a as a kid I was Morrison. Don't play sports or something then. the Constitution     I'm up for them now. Do I vote Yes?   How's the weather, Kansas and I did vote?  Hi RED parts of it. They have a read the document Hardy now.   Parts of a written I've I've read in the within the last 6 months. Well, there's always the debate about the the right to bear arms. I brought the parts and yeah, cuz What you'll save your the Red Baron's, but it was like well as update our thing. It's been maintained. Well regulated militia. So Brett depart several times. What else already read? This me Colombia, and you know Free Speech me and such a big issue. I go back and read that to see what it what is it exactly say?
