0 T/H:INTERACTIVE   good  Crystal good    I have a good brain. I'm smart I Interact well have a good hand eye coordination.    Well not currently. I played basketball and soccer and High School. Well, I'm a dancer now, so I guess that's a sport.  Yeah, I run. I'm in good shape.    To say I would do well.  Yeah. I'm going to kind of Go Games. battle Coney Island I with the group of friends   when a couple of for the animals petal  When was a blue bear? II was  fuzzy things around Sing it's nothing. I don't know what you do if you call and leave pull string on the top.  I think the hanging from the cars from the car mirror. That's what I want. petal I have the bear A friend of mine has the thing. the hanging thing   No, but I'm good at it. I don't know, but I ate that not in that room. I'm not tired.   It's a good for her.  No. 
1 LD/E:MUSICAL    Not so good. poor  Hello, you know.  Hello, I think I'm some allergies today my voice isn't sounding so good. Yeah.  Maybe on the way out. Hello. Oh, maybe. Maybe not for long. pop  Yeah. Love you, yeah.  probably not     Probably not surprised. I have my good days my bad days.    Hi classical. Hi Mozart.    upbeat Makes me feel good.   not particularly No.   Few voice lessons, but that's it.    Probably a voice teacher that I had in high school. Her name is Marjorie, Drysdale.  She she might be a little surprised.   she thought that I had a good voice, but Not a lot of some motivation. this is
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL    really well  I was excellent.  I think I've I grew up I grew up in Vermont, which is the place where? You learn a lot about being outside.  how to take care of yourself  Parents who? cared about teaching and take care of myself  Duncan camping yes When I was younger and mostly probably. My trip one trip every summer when I was some. between the ages of Ivan 12  Yeah, well I'm CPR trained basic first aid trained.  Trying to think I've ever used it. I don't think I have. first aid well you know if Advantage of Bandaids in cuts and use the rubbing alcohol and stuff like that.  I've never been in a situation with anything more serious than that.    So are well. before My parents let me go skiing or hiking or anything like that they. for their own Comfort, I guess Make sure that I knew what I was doing. how to take care of myself   Took out the first aid kit said. This is what you use for this. This is Vicky Exodus.  you know  Yeah, just a heads. This kind of information. Given to me. Over a period of time before I before they would let me go off and do things on my own. I can't tell if I'm being if you're believing me or not.  settling  I don't know. I can't read your very well.   No, I mean. I am telling you the truth so. I hope you're believing me.
3 T/E:FOODWINE  Okay.   Trying to remember what my score was. It was good.  well, I've Done some waitressing has done.  work with catering companies been to a few fancy restaurants I guess that's why.    chip ryani Sirianni for the catering company that I worked with That's the place across from Grand Central Station. They would take us there and bring it in for private parties. Right now I waitress. Right now I waitress done at Dallas BBQ which is definitely not find outing, but we still have to learn a lot of the same stuff. yo, my mom's a great cook so I have learned a lot about cooking aspects of food from her.    I could more than winter than the summer cuz it's you know. We'll New York apartment. You don't want to turn your stove on.  but  I know how to cook I have the joy of cooking I bake a lot. I bake bread. Yeah. If you use let me know what they are.     the majority of them I used a couple times a week.  Wine I know some Basics. I don't know a lot of some sort of specific things about specific lines. probably not  Yes. Hi, Mom. She would. That's that's what she would expect.
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY   That's like.  poor   Well not Native, New Yorker. That's one reason.   also, I mostly take the subway So I don't think in terms of. What street this is on so much of what subway stop is it near?  Lil over year theater School No, I'm done. Anda American Musical dramatic Academy for sizing student housing Broadway and 80 something 80 6 Maybe  Then I was in. Harlem and that's why I've been arrested.  You know I usually kind of stick to the area around my school. That's I know the stores there and know the restaurants there so Upper, West Side. Central Park Subway  Just by doing it. by going with friends No almost not.  My parents have been here a couple of times.  occasional friend comes through We usually do. touristy things Broadway show Central Park You know go out to eat.   Gosh anytime. I venture out of my little. my little Upper West Side area Couple weeks ago, I guess. Hello. I tried to go to the spacing meet a friend on the east side. decided that I almost never go there cuz you know it's hard to get there by Subway either have to go cross the park or take Subway down and  And it was over on 2nd Avenue. The restaurant and I ended up just jumping in a cabin thing. Take me to this address had some had no idea where I was going.  first I wife live near the entrance to Take the A Train down to 59th and then I was going to walk across And I thought all go to the park and it's nice day. I tried 12 Park. once again the park that Kind of turn in your not sure where you are anymore so I came out on the east side way above where I was supposed to go and so then I said okay. I'm getting in the cab. I could have gotten there eventually, but it would have been just walking over and down and too much. Yes in the cab. Indian food Yes. My actually hitting that peddle.  to end Then I went back home, and she went back home. She told me how to get across the park the right way. Yes. No, it's still day.  Hello, my friend Chris.   You would not be surprised.
5 LU/H:CIVICS  excellent  This is the you know I I'm such a fan of Howard Dean from Vermont. and I was so excited when he was running for president, and I you know I just I felt it every single day and When he went out of the race of social pointed.      Yeah, I think it's I think it's fascinating.   It's so.  Help my brother for instance was he goes to college in Atlanta Emory University, and he is working on Howard Dean's campaign down there. They had at a ferret at Emory, and he would email me these web sites cuz Howard Dean Ray so much of his funds online. He was like the first person to really do this and so my brother was constantly sending me information about Howard Dean, and I learned a lot from him and Yeah, I think it's fascinating.  New York Times my roommate gets it and I pick it up occasionally. Yes. I hit that.    Transit I have it photos. I'm trying to think of I've been here long enough now. I haven't.  About a month a half ago.  guy in the subway handing out the little registered, but things  You know I want to be registered wherever I live.  If I didn't, Minnesota when I was in college there and Vermont when I left there. psychology I loved it. great It's my second choice of career. the Constitution  sure, I mean it's it's not something that I That's it's not something. I think a lot about it. Maybe I should. Yeah. I mean what were founded on what were build on. important pizza at 3 Not as much as National politics.  They know I'm interested in it. I don't have a lot of friends who were interested in it, so we probably don't have the discussion this very often, but I think they know that I'm interested in educated about it.  Hey, dude, give myself at 8. well compared to say Political science student who's studied it for 4 years with score 10? Hey, I think I mean I've never studied it as you know. as a course of career anything  Do possibly 9 possibly 9? I read a lot.  Watch the news a lot. I have a family who's interested.   I had some good high school social studies teachers. Trying to think there's anything else. I think that's it. They wouldn't be surprised. I'm on my peers probably attend. 
6 T/H:INTERACTIVE   Yes.    I'm smart. I think a lot of them are just kind of having a good brain kind of thing. Good coordination. I think they're kind of Common Sense kind of things. Did I hit it? Okay. Yeah, now I think we're okay.
7 LD/E:MUSICAL  Poor not so good. Okay. Okay.  Yeah.  right  Hey, you know actually I've just heard. It said both ways. The catering people say about the waves inside actually do not know what's right.     now No, I actually I actually thing really badly. as I have been for the past you know Couple years, which is why I got to get out of us.
8 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  excellent  Yeah.  How do I feel about it?    I don't know.  I hope you know that I'm telling the truth.
9 T/E:FOODWINE      Let's see. Well one now. They're working. Let's catering company we went around to different restaurants. Probably 3 or 4241 who worked in on a regular basis work in one in, Minnesota. minute
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  report  Yes.  Go to the performers.   Now I'm really bad with directions. I'm not offended.
11 LU/H:CIVICS   Yes.  Think you're going to believe that I'm telling the truth.   Hello. If you didn't believe I'm saying. I suppose you asked me. some specific questions, I didn't know the answer to I don't know. Okay. Thanks.
