0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   I feel your preload.    I did. The good one not like that's not good. There was like the rink last night. And there was like 2 coin. Astatula And there was like follow instructions. I'm has one with her. cuz I want to put the the queen grafting alert hotline  I will clean up on I've done, but before it said I was just sort of redoing it and all thing. and and their losses I mean I play golf M. The best ones out so again. You know there's nothing that. I do.   No. That's not. something really done ever before but  Follow the path of Aiden. It was hard, I kinda. I didn't do it exactly right, but you know. Adecco soon good  I'm sorry.       Osaka  I do now. But average just let me back. Well now I mean. I say that. that's average shipped to another address Thomas this is Rod land at 3 auntie. How's it? 
1 LD/E:MUSICAL   That wasn't my strong fit. I don't have a I think voice.   Well, I don't know it's Nelly Furtado to the heart. But the restroom. Yeah, I have a Melody, but it's it's in the know. That's hard for you now instructional matters. Nissan our but yeah, I think. I need a terrible better this. Yeah. pornography Listening to this for me. It's not so much, but you know yeah, I was in Musica. Rock I guess Rocca I don't get our phones for. but   Are you here? mostly Costco and focus some loose    music  Carolina like It's My Life I know.    musical meeting listen to our for performing processing  Ohh in college. I took a class. about the bills And so we had to perform.   Papa I was a double major. in English and five Yeah, the problem was. I wasn't very good at it. Frankly. I don't know. Enjoy it. I'm just not. That good at it. I don't know. quite know why I think I don't  Well, I guess I'll.  
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  sure Fair Couldn't really know. fare Market Not wise both able to guess. couple things I know couple things but  Julie McIntire I was Completely dark and just sort of making some up.   Hello, I do c.com in. High School      10 years anymore I I you know.  Hi, this man's house. Liberty Define wilderness, but you know if not Very often some phone time.   now I don't think I have the Philip I had to be Tina sister that sort of thing phone center for an important I think you know usable for me know about that that. interesting I think you'll be good meal alright, but I'm out that entry. I think they'd be surprised that it that way.
3 LU/H:FOODWINE    I did good. this rising to me, but Actually cuz I'm alright want to call it you wanted to be a chef. and so she phone to bunch of wacky elements and as a part of the able to Hey, Scott. Let you know scenario. under the  Eating soup thing you're getting one. But the wine when I just had to. like  was in a cup I think it's 3 to 5. 211 at once  All I know is why I might wanna Toyota Cerritos. white red white red Toyota checking out of foot   Kathleen ever end up becoming a shot see I know I got to 2/3. go to I'm going to sort of. See I thought that her parents would approve so. She didn't end up doing. I don't know. I have lost a father actually. Mr. That bye   I don't know. I would say. Sorry.   I don't think so musty will cook so I actually had anything give me a taco tell you from Cisco point of view. personality I've no idea what certain personality Mexico Chaffey NASA.  Hello reason this. Hey, I'm at area India I sent. for parents only eat french fries and pizza pasta and stuff so Like you passed out the name of that not right you know cooking feel. Thanks, Al. I know I've never had one so that that I mean I sort of. Yes, Jeff. My name is Anna.   I need handles. I got feel like eating European sleep on so. I got me to go. I got like I think 3 Mile. otherwise answered okay You're not Mass. right sure right I think you'd be surprised. Cuz I don't really eat you now, so it's not really the sort of thing that I would you know?
4 LU/H:FOODWINE  Yeah. The Bachelor I-4  Hello. I think like the names that I didn't know I don't know where Morningside churches. Saran your family doesn't read right well.  I don't know you know so that I knew like that like a Calls you nice. Ugly have you saw it but? Bloomingdale's out I know you for that was and hi at The Avenues wrong Empire State Building and  you just I only know like you know it's like. Hello. Just like I really should know and disorder. What's going on? Call wife.  Grant Hill  I guess there. in Fairfield I also part of problem. Somebody was at I don't drive. So I heard on. No the city quite, and that way you know. I don't feel like subway stops, and you know so.  the Queens  Every two weeks or that lady. Maybe you want to wake up.    That will work. I got a few houses or I go see a movie. mostly or so yeah  Yes. Marla   I would say that was.  I went to his house in Queens.  Any give me terrible directions? and   Eazy-E me right back and I had to sort of  calling him from the phone and Why do again but?  This is about.  Aniston  I have that's always kind of asking too cuz he's acting like you know what? What to do when I don't really? No, I haven't. half Empire State Building, or you know I've been to that deliberate but so You know I don't know show them you know they want to go to Rockefeller Center. It's out. Okay, I can think you're still training with yet. See they are you now but I really like no history of any other thing you. Why I said everything that likes gas man. It's in Basking out haven't answered you know. I guess the Empire State Building in Statue of Liberty, and it's Kathy steeper Chronicle. I guess.  How many cool? Hi, Don. Nirvana letting rather than School neighborhood Cinemark School 
5 T/E:CIVICS   Well, I'm 5 I would advise I major so some of it. You know just rude. General  Social history in our history stuff that you know. I know.   That's not such a huge eyes for current events but. Moshe Twin Valley tournament smoke with Yeah. Carol charcoal Name last 5 presidents. Okay. I can even left my presidency know. Name is a nurse from New York. Okay. You know how you do that kind of current, but still you know? no, not really badly, but you know I'm routed parents are so I could. Zorba Myra them from the last night give us off Yeah. even lost friend selection left left, New York Hi, this is Adele. I don't think I did when was John.  I don't know quite know I didn't because there wasn't really anything to be in the office. Being loaded on it sort of I think like a little catch up on stuff right so yeah. Okay, sure. Alright, yes. I was using the Shania. Yeah. right   Debbie's rest Pascal how to Costco a nurse English and Papa  
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE     I would not do but yeah, I mean Avenue Portland.   See my face.   Mostly cuz it's a 5 done before I was like. the Snapper thing which I've done and Mary hostage isn't much of a new experience for Ali   better I think. I would've thought I would've done well on the month our apartment. Also didn't do so.  well Plus
7 LD/E:MUSICAL   Hey porn.  I actually don't have the the voice for it   I think I would be on for Leon. It's awesome. right   
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL   if they were helpful things that I Sure did know. and I was able to make a petition gas on a couple things, but and actually know most 
9 LU/H:FOODWINE     overall I would say probably 6 or 7 With the Winding Lane heart desk right now. This is actually like. right She's been Friday.
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  right 3 304 me 24 an atheist Yeah, I guess I'm I.  It's embarrassing, but you know. He's not that surprising. I mean. like I said Yes, so anyway our people say you know where you know what which I see you which I didn't like I don't. Do that stuff you know? I live here, so.  I never can quite didn't like how I do some stuff and most of the Jets now sunset when her namita even half an hour now, so right Shore They're probably say that.   Either like me day. Just don't know it or they would say that. They drop in. Hey, Barbara. So I don't know maybe some hadn't Center questions.   That they moved away and forgot it or I don't I don't know. Grandma's 
11 T/E:CIVICS   Idaho   English and flags Don't matter.  Brett right right    right   Financial  I don't know probably this okay. I would have probably been a status.  Okay, 7 or Nate. I guess   Yeah.   Are you guys Tesla, Ohio? right fried rice  I don't feel I'm actually no. Politics that well, but I but I do think that questions that were asked for that in depth. Miss Kelly's cell I don't have no permit about it. You know like that who would be? Dennis lose to help members were the best what the hell like jobs were. That's much easier to be able to answer it actually knowing that much now.    
