0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  I did really well actually.  wait Okay. No, I have it with me. I have it with me. guy was able to complete the test Rhapsody and in a timely fashion and   Tell like I scored well. This is far as being able to do what they needed.   I think that they would probably say yes. Although it depends on who you're asking. No, they would not be surprised that I did well except for my sister. well because when I was a kid I used to be clumsy and well Mostly around her. I don't know she used to sort of pick me up a lot so. she would because she would constantly for the Make fun of my clubs Eunice. I was around her, but around everybody else. I was always very coordinated.  Hello, Allison.   I do not think that they would be surprised at all.  I played soccer and I played.  Not a high school, but now Elementary School. I played.   little late But I only play that for one season because my dad has this whole thing with little league coaches. So I tend to lean more towards soccer that was. But that was sort of my favorite sport. I like to play goalie and and a half back. Yeah, actually I used to sell out and I went on this trip in the Caribbean last 15 years old and we have to learn all sorts of thoughts and stuff like that. We sell out well. There's a 50 foot yacht that we all were on in the British, Virgin Islands. and then there's We go to the slightly family goes up to this like in Canada. And there's a boat called a selfish. That's you know it's like a flat. bottom boat and Scott a pretty soon kill and it  Can you kill of a pretty pretty severely almost like a? Southworth on the 9th I can put a small boat but then I mean I have been on sleep and stuff like that as a kid, but I didn't.  I didn't sell them too much. I didn't really start actually selling selling tells like 15. In-N-Out was all Yeah. So press the pedal. Did you? favorite I was like The Hangman's noose if you could just cuz it you know it's like a type of thing so if I thought it was a fun one to do.
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  Nestle Sorry.  Yeah, I don't know how much of the singer. I kind of had a bad experience with music when I was a kid, and I got I got turned off.  To the whole musical thing or not. so What's fun center? Yeah, there was there's a production of 42nd Street went Us in ninth grade. And and me and this girl Danielle Katella basically, they're know guys in my school that we're willing to do the play. And I pretty much had told the director of the show that I was more than happy to do the show, but I didn't really want to sing and he's like well. You know this is one number that you have to sing and then the rest of it course numbers, and you don't really have to say whatever, but you have to do this one number and It was Shuffle off the Buffalo. I don't know if you're familiar with the the musical but I sang the entire thing flat and and I knew that it was bad, and then I saw video tape and I realize just how bad it was. and  pretty much decided at that point that I was not. going to make much of a creative music, and I mean I wasn't really my first and 4th anyway, but suffice no more    Other than singing like happy birthday. It's someone's birthday to the counter. That does count. Well that mean the last birthday party. I want to but I didn't saying all that loud. It was kind of.   I go unless my friends do karaoke. But I don't think. I took a piano lesson.  fourth grade lady But that was it.  I think there's only one. Yeah. I think it well. I was sort of like a 1 and a half. I went to one and then. I went to another one that I sort of was like splitting up my sister at the time. She was more musically inclined, and I want to say. wish adolescent  Yeah, I was not feeling good. is your  Everybody in the family including myself like music and listens to it a lot certainly. And actually the drum outside is my nephews, and I'm taking it to him, so he's certainly you like he plays music. He's actually really talented.   but There I mean you know my sister. Who played PC ended up playing piano for a little while longer than I did but my family some more artistically and flat like fish alarm?  but every 6 Sorry.  I like the Beatles. I like Tom Waits. I like. friends Stevie Wonder or no doubt  I don't know if this into a lot. I was a lot of music. I listen to a lot of radio. I used I lived in L.A. For a little while before I move to New York when I moved from Wisconsin. I moved to Los Angeles, and I used to. listen to the radio in the car, and we're just flip around and sort of Pick up whatever was on. so
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  There are right. Not so great having you know I was okay. But not I mean nothing to write home about.  I've traveled. certainly in my life, but I've never really been.   I mean I've been in precarious situation, I guess. But I don't I've never. Come across like I'm never late, and I've never come across a bear.  In Canada we saw there's like eating trash at the dump, but like you know. never had Any encounter with a bear in the woods or something like that so I don't know. I guess my knowledge of Survival tactic system or been to spaced on life experience and what I've gathered at the time. and none of the questions Specifically related to any of my own personal experience.   Not much. I would say that I 10 more than I can  Although when I was in it when I was in high school I did go on a month and a half long trip in Colorado. In the four corners area of the United States, and we need to do it was like hiking and backpacking camping and stuff like that.    Although I secretly wanted to be I think for the first.  10 years of my life get to work at 4 come home from school, and I have the badges and stuff, and it looks really cool, but I never really got into it.  probably good idea I'm planning a trip to Brazil. in the fall and I don't know. I'm going with my girlfriend, and I don't know how much. The trip we're going to be shut off the Beaten Track, but it probably wouldn't hurt to have that knowledge.
3 LU/H:FOODWINE  Sorry. Cuz I'm working restaurants off. I work in a lot of restaurants in Wisconsin, and I worked in that way in restaurants, and I have worked in New York and restaurants.   after Launch experience. It's hard not to everything some things. Well the first restaurant. The first rest of my work done if you want to call the restaurant was a coffee shop this call Samuel. And I guess it's not really restaurant, but this is the service you know we had. Cupcakes and Confections and serve coffee and did all that stuff, and they actually it was a stand he had a stand at the local. Cedar you didn't need people for his coffee shop and but he has like a concession stand at the theater That he we have. Coffee and everything that we bring to so. There was that.  How is a 9th grade I think and then? I moved into the store. at the end of the summer And start working the store. nice Ben 10 I think. Carnival Evans right when I was in high school  Yeah, I don't really work in a restaurant restaurant. Intel  after High School the toll because  Tina 19 years old is in the Summers right around my birthday. I was born in June, so The first one that I worked in. Eddie NOtaBLE restaurant, I work as well. Not too long ago. I worked at a little Park which is in Union Square. This is before I start working at the bank. I was a little. seconds of basic class start working on back to the figured I just I was. Sort of over the whole restaurant, thanks. Cuz I've been doing a lot. But I worked at Luna Park which is in Union Square? And the same people on that that own coffee shop, which is a very sort of trendy ish place? That's right across Broadway from in Patterson outdoor restaurant Mediterranean food over price menu Lot of people come up from the Wall Street area. and Hello, there. Especially Thursday nights before they go out to the Hamptons of the weekend. Yes. Josh hey I forgot panel Yeah, I went to school there for one year. I went to California Institute of the Arts where I studied as in Sayville artist? I like the rest of my family and sort of. officially artistically inclined  and I dropped out after my first year and lived in Los Angeles for a couple years Just working in restaurants and stuff like that. And just trying to do painting work. Yeah. I do a lot of stuff in oils and acrylics. how to Short miserable time working with a wash and stuff like that and I school, but now I got no I got on. I got to I got into oils and acrylics pretty quick. My dad my sister both interested, so Charlotte family thing and they both live in the city, and they both in the city, so 6/9 me Call sort of. everybody I feel Scott divorce for my mom still in Wisconsin my dad move to New York and my sister also moved out here, so. Sure, I have the family here those of us that are painters in the fam. 
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  That's all.    Don't get around a lot. I sort of I tend to sort of go from where I live to where I work, and then you know my studio, Maybe. But I don't know. Travel around a lot. Fortunately, I wish I did. But I doubt. I'll try giving head. Ohh I live in Brooklyn. Alan prospectus Les video, it's actually up on 137th. I share a studio space with my dad. So basically I hop on the Q and that's 2 to 3 and I might switch over to the 19 at 96th Street, and I get off at 1:37 right by City College and go to the city. the bank I work at the Citibank and it's in. It's right off on Fulton Street in downtown Brooklyn. I don't know if you know Brooklyn.    I was in New York for about a year and a half. I came arrives. I guess like 6 months before the big black out. But I was actually home in Wisconsin little as happened so. Well, let's see my sister came. Six months she was doing like a world for a thing. She was in New York for like four months. thinking like 2000 and then she  chilling on a world tour So like a year or she's going all over. World it was a backpack. And then she came back to New York. I was doing a lot. 19  I had to be shoes back.  just before September 11th, so That was a 2001. to turn 11 So well so she's been here like. Not including me your shoes the way. She's been here. I got for like. two and a half 3 years if Hey, man, my dad he my mom got divorced two years ago. Any move down. listen Shortly after so he's been here for I guess.  I moved I was in L.A. And I moved back around the same time that he moved down to the city. during Well, I mean now that we all live here. I see them all the time. But my sister is actually season see my dad both are in Canada right now. But her boyfriend's Wells. so she is again now traveling a lot, and she was just over in Wales and then London and Came back to the city for like 2 days, and then to my that one up to Canada. where they are  Hot is it will go up to in the summertime. Yeah, I guess so. I don't know. I feels like it's going pretty fast.  But I guess it's been a little while now. lost I don't know probably.  I don't know what I've never really felt lost me know and I was sort of figuring out the city. I didn't really. I don't really feel like. I ever was late. You know I said, I don't know where I am or. Like I always. I always sort of cuz I always like I'm you know Whenever I would get a job somewhere or whatever.  How are usually just? Serta plot it out on the map and figure it out and so when I get there. I know where I was and then you know I knew how I get home, so I don't know that I really felt lost in the city. So much.
5 T/E:CIVICS  pretty good   Hey listen is from a cell. alright Thank you for getting fat Style. positive something that I  I sort of going Wayne's what I mean. Yes. I'm always interested. certainly knew the president is and and what is going on National fairs and How you know? Howard F. As it is and all that stuff, but I mean as far as State and local politics, I'm not. I don't really follow that. That's definitely more TuneIn sort of to the National political scene.  that local certainly  I'm actually not registered to vote I'm still registered in California. So and because I feel this election that my vote is needed more, California. Then it is in New York. I'm going to absentee ballot. Well, you know in 7th grade we had to read it. Talk about the amendments to it. I would even isn't something ever been interested. I've read portions of Veteran over at the whole thing.  We have a class called Civics. We had. Social studies, and then we had history that is a public high school. You know the program was. mediocre at best No, I didn't take a Costco Civic for lunch.  I think that he would. Not be surprised. I was definitely. frizz I mean, I don't think I thought it was mediocre at the time, but looking back. I think it's pretty mediocre that the the The studies that we have there, but I was definitely engaged in the class. I found it really interesting when I was when I was in high school. So I'm sure he wouldn't be surprised.  
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Yes.   just cuz I was in a while and bye, bye Follow instructions pretty well.  you know  I some of the things that they had me do. as far as You know that mean?   paper Donna in the basket a nice life play basketball that was certainly easy enough Just on the other tasks that they had me do is. It was kind of. an operator from Sprint  No, I would say a monkey Galindo me only my sister has Amex for thoughts and everybody else definitely sees me as somebody who's hot Latin. you know I like to I left a roller blade and I like to go rock climbing and I like to sale and I horseback ride and Yeah. I definitely I'm proceed Wireless Netflix person. well, not really I mean to you know that not X thing I guess is out if you've never sales before but I've done that. and I don't know. I mean shooting the baskets is not. You know that's like we used to do that much for all the time.  Helen it's far as the instructional stuff. It's like it's like memory. You know it's like the little white flag. Am remembering. What's where and you know my sister, and I used to play that a lot with cards. So I don't know if I think of it is sort of all the same thing.
7 LD/E:MUSICAL  Buffalo music I love I left a listen music, but I definitely don't think of myself as much of a US Air Fortunately, I wish I was. Yeah, it's you know the music is like it. You know it's like one of those things. It's like I have been maybe because I love music so much.  singing in front of Hey singing in front of anybody at flag. I don't know it triggers phone. Find me and I know certainly you know. that I mean it wasn't it was it was. 42nd Street, but also I got a lot of my friends growing up most of my friends in high school. We're women. And they all and then like they were like 2 or 3 got a hung out with this well. But all of the girls and then some of the guys were all really tell it's a singers. So for me like we all hang out, and it would be like. you know song with play on the radio, and they Toca singing along and Hi, this is always kind of like.  Yep. Hey Jake compete with there with you guys, but it's just not You know so I mean the at this time in the songs. It's CeCe have anything or you know they're like kids songs, but I'm not like I just I don't know if tone deaf or what but this is not my thing. I do definitely. I love I mean I certainly I certainly love to listen to it.  Yeah. Yeah. I definitely like a listening to a Friday music  My nephew Mr. Tail, Matthew  Yeah, he's getting started his dad actually. my This is for a friend. That's got a kid together, but they're not they're not married but This is the style from a previous America. And his dad is a musician and so. Adam Hey Adam, it's Nikki. I'm not sure why it's called, but it said. Yeah, this deck for a kid. But he plays his dad placed on set. And he also does a lot of percussion and stuff like that in a place of different bands around the city. And you played with this pending whales called the Stereophonics, which is great which he left.  Serta   Hello. I guess a little bit like the bezel summer he left the band in the name flew out which is. traffic Yeah. So I'll try so anyway he. You got his pip claim that. He also has like this little set of bunk of it's like that so. You stepped out the kids cos. It's pretty good actually. I don't know the name of it. 
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  not hello  No, I have I traveled a lot and I was on. You know Mike and I were bouncing when I was. when I was in high school and  and we did a whole like hiking backpacking thing and You know we got to the status in Canada and we like $10.    Oh my survival experience. It is based on. What I've come across and the questions all the questions that you have for me or like extreme. You know if you're Tech bye Killer Bees, or if you come across a bear and none of those things that happened to me, so. my knowledge of them is Limited you know I when your kid they're like ohh, you know if you do if you Are confronted with s SNS. you should do this this in this whatever and so whatever now is I have a reiterate of this but apparently  Never told me what to do if I got bitten by a snake that information is incorrect because it wasn't right why I was actually really surprised. I thought concerning my  my service experience just like hiking in doing stuff like that, but I would be better survival thing but  
9 LU/H:FOODWINE     not really I wish I did. More cuz I like to cook at home, but I just don't do it because I don't really feel like I have the time. You know it's New York. You can get food anywhere. and also a lot of the time you know now I eat out more, but when it all When I was working at restaurants. Yep, just me. So it's like. Do you want to work and they feed you so? I have to cut that much. And usually at the end of the day at the end of the day to there's food that you can take on so I definitely need to talk. I worked in the furnace. although there were definitely days dealing with certain customers that I Wish I were to the back of the house, and I actually there a couple days that I asked to trade with Runners who wanted to do more waiting. This is like the cat with the customers right now. So if you want to do this I'll be happy to take all the food on the table. Anna they were fortunately have to comply Muffet.  I was able to identify all but one of them which I've never seen before which I can only assume came from Z Bars because you know they've got like as always cracks me up. I going to Savers. And they've got like this huge rack. Of all these cooking Implement most of which I recognized that then is always like some random thing that I'm like you know that you really don't need to sell and Implement for $35 just to like take the stem off of an apple like it. You know whatever. I mean this a kind of there was. A vehicle that you had I recognized you know all but this one that was it was. I like this egg shape thing that you rub your hands on to get the smell out apparently for onions. I think and garlic which I've never seen before.
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  That's all.  Yeah, but the thing is that we mostly I mean we pretty much you know.  Unfortunately, I mean I would like to get around the city more cuz I love to travel and it's weird because I actually know. I end up knowing the cities that like. We travel. Like I'm going to Brazil the fall, and I'm sure I'm going to end up knowing Rio. De Janeiro better than I know New York which is stupid, but it usually ends up the way it is for me and also my sister who. I know you went on the so World trip, and I went and join door. For a month we went to Nepal together and like I got to know Katmandu really well. but Because usually when I'm in New York. I'm working all the time. So I get up. you know I got to work and maybe I'll get Bite to eat somewhere close to where I work, but then I go home or if not that then I'm going up to my dad's Studio to paint. and You know I don't know I just I. It sucks the you know it's like a Hyundai. How many New Yorkers and ever been to the Empire State Building or never gotten the Statue of Liberty? That would be me? I'm going to this New Yorkers unfortunately. Yeah. well I I don't know. I think it's because. I do travel a lot. bikes even Even coming into a completely foreign city like half men do. Which was a trip and a half you know it's like going into the Twilight Zone. I don't know you don't feel like. I don't see a lost it's kind of like. you have the guide book you've got your map and you just Like I'm a meander. and sort of You know and out some place.  Know exactly where I am, but I guess. I don't feel lost. I just feel like I'm discovering something. new I don't know. I mean lost for me as sort of a very specific like Auto. I'm lost. I don't know how to get back to where I am kind of thing. Which is the feeling that I don't? I don't think I've ever really had it's always like wild. This is a new place, and this is how I can't fall go. Back this way to get home. Hello, Dale.  Sure, it's possible of the whole point of this whole thing is for me to bullshit you right. but I don't know why there would be incentives to get Beyond. the section of the interview   I don't know. Is there in time to get there be in San Jose get Beyond this interview? I don't know. I can't tell you that. I'm not supposed to tell you that I could be telling the truth. And I going to be like. I'm Unica vehicle vehicle either. I can't tell you something like a telling the truth or not. Sorry.
11 T/E:CIVICS  Yeah. They do. Hi, you know I mean. I don't think that they think of me as somebody who's rapidly interested. I doubt you know we talked about it certainly. We and I was out with friends last night. I would say the politics especially lately. And this is not true a year ago or 2 years ago, but certainly in the last year politics probably comes up. At least once a day when talking to coworkers are friends. 
