0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE    Yep.    Because it's it's a pretty easy for me to forget. long jeans of directions so by the time I start doing the you know By the time I get to like 4 or 5 things in a row I start forgetting. what to do  generally not They were probably laugh and say yeah, she's not very good at that kind of this running joke.  No, I didn't. No, I don't. Oh no no no. now     Not at all. What's the well?    Not very well actually.    No, I don't know. I can't remember when you anything. Hey, remember vomiting a lot of rides, so usually didn't stay very long.   Been about 3 years.    I think I went to a small one that is you know like a little church or my home town. Have a Carnival   in Livonia, Michigan Oh, okay, right sorry about that. Okay.    this rate No, not really. I was always much more interested in the rides.  How did you like the video game, so I just got kind of the carnival game. Okay. Okay, well then yeah. I have played the video game.  I don't think so.  I didn't you very well. 
1 LU/H:MUSICAL  I did really well on that. Why did you did well because I? I've had music lessons you know since I was 8 so. you know piano lessons formally and bass guitar lessons  Yeah, I was in bed for a while. So yeah, I got to listen to a lot of different. songs in My mom and dad like to play music in the car, and you know. in the house between activities so Got to hear a lot of different music growing often.  in study alarm at cell No, I don't. personally You know just to a wide range. Yes, I'm country.   You know Hip Hop? I think so yeah.  I think so. I mean that they wouldn't be surprised that they would.   Yeah, they would say you know of course because I've been playing music since I was a kid.   you know just Probably last week because you know I sing. On my way to different. Yeah, like I said if I'm in the car. I'm singing and  Hey if they're silence and I'm comfortable with that I start singing. Yeah, I'm just got the kind of person that owns a lot. whatever    Yeah. Absolutely yep. Yeah.  
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   Morning do very well, but I you know. Dude, okay, you know Fair. Well, I think you know there were some things that are intuitive. dude that I But I did get another things that weren't so intuitive. I didn't get. so Jeff example    So you know for example? if I had if I had seen some things instructional video that the dealt with that situation I tend to be very good at it, or if it was you know something intuitive.  sent you the way of handling situation III for certain things that work so intuitive that I yeah, just Hey, not had the opportunity to.  Never see handled or or you know hear about her.  certain scenarios that I that I wouldn't have Hi, honey Xperia. Don't don't have any experience with so.  No, I haven't.   Sorry to keep busy.   Well not much actually with my family. or or My Friends  I I don't think I've ever been camping. Not outdoors. I mean as I think. See maybe when I was 8 or 9 or so we took we took like a you know. class trip, and we had like Cabins that we stayed in you know, I don't know if that's really considered camping.  No, I haven't. I've only. Participating in like you know Health courses in high school. They have certain Yes, come in and you learn CPR and stuff like that or or what to do when someone choking? You know how to handle certain situations. So I'm familiar with. Some first date of that. I haven't never taken a class.  would you I wouldn't feel comfortable, but I would do it to the best of my knowledge if that was. If I was pretty confident that it wouldn't hinder. person  Yeah, yeah, I think I could. yeah, yeah sure I mean I feel like it. You know to be a responsible citizen. Something I could invest more time is + 2. It's like I never want to go camping. I mean I want to some point. I just haven't.     
3 LD/E:FOODWINE  I didn't do very well on that one.  Well, you know I haven't been too many fancy restaurants or anything, and I've never really traveled. so I you know.  You know it's it. I don't really don't you know don't I don't have to think about. utensils or or glasses you know Just because Anthem very important to me, too. I have never worked in the food industry alright in the service industry, so Canada   oh, yeah, absolutely  Oh, you know. Steak and potatoes kind of you know I know how that sounds, but just kind of how it was raised you know Mid West.    No, I don't.  I'm just laughing cuz you know you don't have to look at your. hey at your patterns in your behaviors in Salinas somebody asked you about the Gosh it was about a month ago.   I try I tempted you know some broiled fish. Hi, kitchen gotten completely smoke and smelly so I am. I haven't tried some sun.  habit of forgetting Why certain things if I'm not directly and you know I'm not in the same room. I have a tendency to like answer the phone and forget something from the oven. salmon House is it what yeah? I ate the part that wasn't.  No, not at all. They wouldn't turn to me.  I don't drink.  the probably why I got some of those questions wrong Probably just said I haven't traveled.  No. Not really, I don't let you take remedy risks. You know this food. different meals  Well probably a Japanese restaurant. No. No.       Now they would probably laugh. No there. I mean it would last because they would you know? often times they want to go different places, and I'm kind of Yeah, you know I'm not as open this they are. last week Miss pretty good It was just RipStik. Can I just? New York strip     Okay. Where do they have it the couch? What's up, please? It's cheap place on 123rd Street and Amsterdam. one of those new little restaurants, I think Max Soha or something  I wouldn't be surprised. Because I'm laughing but in fact. Alex Jason  
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Please really well that one. I know you kind of surprised myself, but  I like you know. I'm really fascinated by. New York City and it's Kia, you know. now the different landmarks in You know like to explore that kind of thing as much as I can you know while I'm here so.   a little over 3 years like 3 years and 2 months Yes.   Yes. a little bit you know Hey, we're basic things are.  a little bit of time Not not as much as Brooklyn, but you know I'm so visited.  What would you say is the first?  2 Brocks  Yep, it's gone down town. You know like on the weekends and stuff.  Moss The last time I was lost when I was actually. Friday cuz I rented a car. So it can take a little road trip.  For the break and I ended up on the Lincoln Tunnel. And didn't realize. Yeah, I turned on 211th Avenue. Just you know what the intention of heading home. I was downtown. And as I was driving up town. I got rerouted onto the Lincoln Tunnel so. Had no idea and ended up in New Jersey. And then it's like turn around and pay to also. little frustrating but none  Yeah, that was lost made it. After getting running into the tunnel I didn't know if I was in jersey yet or or whatever so I had to stop and ask someone. What the best way was to get back into the city?   Hi minutes. Yeah. Yep, I had a couple friends move here since I've lived here.  for different reasons taking to museum or you know Cinema Ranch in some of the different landmarks Yeah, it's a little bit of time that you asked me that already. Yeah, I'm not as much as Brooklyn but.  Yeah, Ashley, this is sculpture garden, it's really nice.  I don't know. What's the name of it, it's I can't think of it now but I interviewed an artist there once. Pro peace in general that I was doing. 50 people there Shannon It's been a while so I forget the exact name of it.  Sometimes you know. You know this is a lot of music venues down there. So yeah, I'm going to see a band Player. You know you know I might. since sometime though  Well there are many Italian restaurant. You know if you just anywhere on 2nd Avenue. 2nd and 2nd it's kind of a hot spot.  This this yeah, there are several.   absolutely  Yeah, hi I really like it here.  
5 T/E:CIVICS   Not feel well.   I just I don't I don't really pay attention to  I don't read the news Warehouse in or really keep up with politics.  if you Julius Usually a source of debate, you know among my friend rather than. something that we Can end up fee no talking about. Somewhat intelligently. I just kind of becomes. You know I've grown up with people who have had you know convictions about and I kind of just as a result. moved away from  spent too much time concerning myself with Paula Jackson Civic, so  Probably last month cuz you know I read the New Yorker but. I'm really more interested in the current events and happenings around town stuff like that so. I might read them. A section or two, but I don't really you know don't really read the newspaper very often.   I don't really read sign a Publications.  Just a New Yorker. No.  Not really, we had a government class it ends up being you know. kind of focused on law   Just letting you know consumer laws. Just me know. philosophy Yeah different. Nova I'm mixing I didn't know actually. Hello. David say yeah, you know we don't really talk about that very often. No, not really.  Yep. I'm a registered to vote here right I forgot actually. I don't know. I have to check for the next election. I have my license here, but. I might be registered here. I don't know.  no, I mean there was one bill that I heard about that I  Thought about contacting that representative for bye. Didn't actually do it kind of lame in that area. I was just it was a there was a piece.  yeah something about about Jackson and you know people who are who practice Peaceful religions the other day that they should be able to have their taxes count for for different purposes, so, but you know I did some online research, and I couldn't find you very much and Sounds kind of just too.   I have some friends. You know who are Foreign student pass along to me. you know  Yeah. not really No, I mean it was more of about. You know different political figures in offices in. I was track of that kind of thing. Bruce Lee No. Okay.
