0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  so sorry       this  just seems like the Now I'm just letting I actually stayed up all night. Hi, I didn't have too much sleep.  but other than that I just I just didn't really. remember Towards the end of it didn't remember the ones that beginning or I sort of lost the order. It seems like that. I'm feeling pretty good direction following. I'm fairly go to just like so going around the city or late night. It's Subway or things like that.  if I would ask    Motion products, I don't think there. I know you John. Have a good memory. Maybe I think I'm going to be more of a long term memory anyway. I think it's a yes. No.   yeah, basically, I just  like this I just keeping track of the things I meant I wasn't so much remembering that was so much remembering the order of thing as it was. I don't know just see my patio time tested in.  No.  Yeah.  Hello, hi Bob coaches in high school.  Hi, Sam I'm fresh emails that coordinated Trying to pencil it support search for working there another. Do your rough? Yeah.  Yeah, I was doing homework assignment. I'm doing a project in. Yeah, do not work a lot different. Yeah.     Hello, bit. I'm not really. Yeah me some Westar depends like. Langston long term thanks. I'm pretty gap of short term things if I stay up. I tend to might not remember half my pump last hour or things like that. tired to think  Yes. They're not too many. This is a few here in there. Just like a like a school fair or something. really now stuffed animals fill in a short nap  it was a This is like this is like a note ballgame you so try not Donald milk bottles, and I think that I got a little stuffed animals that or sometime.  softball softball     Really didn't seem too.  Only think that like that was a be affected for the Fairly rudimentary physical activity. So didn't seem to be such a big deal. I think would be a big difference if I had been more well rested I am.  probably not 
1 LU/H:MUSICAL  I think the free will not section. good   Def it wasn't my singing acumen. I was anyways form I was just for the sounds I recognized.  free gay recognizing night So I mean that's not dying that the rest Eric, but just like old songs 2/3 different random sounds pretty good recognizing.  Listen to rock a little bit like tranic music a little bit. Just a whole range of music rap 4.    Yeah, I'm really recognizing all songs.  I have my sentiments Erin, sir.  I transfer fairly just no, lot of things and General They know a lot of site. the very well versed in many things so  This I mean just picked up overtime. just I just different term you today listen to different sort of things that they know I deserve picked up and so forth.   a little bit My mom played piano piano so big thing I was going out.  And place it on the radio, maybe in the car. Play music. so brother X this cert came up, I guess. basically to play a little bit I really do it for a too long.   I was just noticing instrumental. known off of other singer  Not really no.  Yes lessons for your two.  I did alright. I mean I wasn't. Hey, just returning like my mom. I have me do I did a little while I was an active that it and So I just a little while.    Thank you.     told your best    Ivan hi, it's Anna did. so you this early, but I mean just knowing the fucking phone I mean like stinging. little off in the town by me, I'm pretty something or so my friend probably sounded like  Hey average like fairly. Logan and I was going to like sounded like does it like very often, but I'm Sorry that man.   
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  I did a fair enough section.   Hi, sir again. It's just I think the Random two bits of information overtime and some my parents are from other people and so that's more less whatever. I knew I Priestley just picked up from random places.  Destin some type of the Cub Scouts and things like that.  he wasn't too much in survival skills as Morris, just please just do camping and you do. Sarah Pike Phillip hi. He's certainly like safety listen more survival. Just want to make sure you don't get into situation. We have to use the virus service still so much.    No.    A little bit took a class whenever I start taking place in it for a few weeks in high school but ended up doing something else.   Yeah, I'm a little it's it's it's getting to know I care stay in CPR and how to survive this year her loan, or a fat dick man.   Hi, dipen not really. Not really, I CPR so much, but maybe are you make basic first day to serve like tending to everything going through something? I feel if I feel comfortable. I was Cub Scout for about 4 years.  They are usually do a camping trip once maybe twice a year.    Yeah, Reed it's only would maybe go camping like once every couple years or something that fact.  
3 LD/E:FOODWINE   Allegiant do to help out section, but I think it was for things like comma Just something I have really had an employee too much. I mean I mean I've got to nice dinners or anything, but it's not really something. I just Adora kept track of a really picked up or anything that fact.  little bit not too much fairly in Pekin IE right now in restaurants deliver formal settings Yeah, George it's 1.  Do little bit cooking not really that much. I usually just get from California, so usually enjoy mainly just white wine just I just sort of like Ashley Travato if I like it out in a bit more, and if I don't I'll try something else just sort of like a hit in the system. A little bit my parents only weren't too big of like alcohol drink or some wine drinkers really so that was the first time I picked up myself later on.   I'll try to find out I'll probably do it at some point, but I haven't done it yet.   Hi, this summer at like International or somewhere around here.  I was just saying maybe just like. I don't know. Maybe like definitely feeling problem my dog things. This is all right one.  Hi Cesar my part for my finger on it. Alicia this is whatever taste good for your realign. Then do too much. I can I was going out now.   Attorney like a little bit of a tight tight Pop-Tarts like Italian food. That sounds like doing 10 restaurants in such. 
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  the free wellness section good    I've been around you. I mean I really haven't learned out here except for coming to school here for a few years, but I've been I've gone around too many places around different Burroughs. I'm different. Justin landmarks in such  No.  I still I still here for you. Just said here for spring break. I know you know probably going back home. It's only week, and I've been out here for early out here for winter break and really did Lance up too much your time, but just go to a few places listen friend Sue from, New Jersey and New York area. went to the Vintage Kelly from restaurants in Brooklyn Reserve, Winston, live you meant like Tony Island Sorry, I go there. I'm just sorry been around. farming Yeah, I left at home area.   2 hour and a half    Not to me now. Lorenzo Light Winter this pizza place, but it's framer. That's a really good pizza place. We also want to. Hey Luger.  so beyond that once and sort of  Yeah, that's all I remember a couple of different places and so forth. ticket   A little bit and queens, but other than life, Brooklyn. I'm just mostly the Manhattan area. Yes this intend and I've done too late to Stock Exchange.  Battery Park and Barry park with saw Statue of Liberty and tip of places I've been that you still had a little bit.  Watson I was testing the music store is there some of the other places  Dude, I could say I mean it's a third depends sometimes we decide to go.  Angeles 821 straight down and we can like cools Cajon like was paid so late if it's record cross listen. I still short walk across and if we have time for like the whole day will come across and then take  Use the in our back up to. Hey, it's Vicky. Now. I'm sorry it to Times Square, and we'll take usually the one of the two back to Columbia or the 2 or the other one.
5 T/E:CIVICS    I did for you on that section I think. Yeah, I was actually.   I've been there since it's a lot. I've taken it took APS government. Taking since this classes in Middle School in high school. I have to keep up with it a little bit. I have to apologize in general to try to. Hi group in Los Angeles.  death of a little bit So I know it's like the current events I keep both, Ila. Baltic slot morning Paul Tyson national scale Set up. I guess I'll follow up with hear you.  in New York  Not usually to money I mean.  Mikey I mean I hear about them, and I really like you too much track of them now. next no not  I think the off at 169 James. I really didn't I. Thank you track Staffing politician want to find out better, so I tend to be that might save myself some work form so I decide to register and California.   Department has not yet.   yes, ma'am fairly familiar with  Yeah. $0.07 is letting us government loss of piping almost extension minutes in the Constitution difference between court and how they've interpret it and so forth. I probably system. Yeah, I think they would I tend to talk about a little bit, and I like 10 be instantly on this sort of they asked me about law things, and so I probably think I was fairly fairly informed about it. Yeah. Yeah, I did for a little bit. I'm believing more interested in business, or if I feel to go into but I didn't sit next Eva joint degree for a while.   appetite Not tickle issue is I feel is Chris net. Sufficiency nice nearly didn't try it done by the students, too. Well. I just sort of select material more  25 salesperson Yes ass.     
