0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   Yes.  I think it was because Love my sports training. Hand eye coordination really help. and also I did not and I think it's at our class last semester. and weed Did not work, so I think that helps me out a lot. I played soccer.  softball I did cross country. I also did volleyball. and I did track and field. That was on high school. I'm not doing any sports now unfortunately. We did both hitches. We did. One that news. I don't know what it's real name is called news. not We mostly did not set applied to theater and what we do and. not something neat for theater I've never done a Switchfoot. Please enables it. I tied today. Hi, Deborah Dennis, which foot before but it was. pretty clear from the drawing   Yes, when I greet with the directions.   I shouldn't be surprised.   now  Well the carnival game. I did was fairly simple. It was like a ring cost type thing. Which is why I think? which I think helped a lot because of the softball that type of thing.     My male friends probably not because there's been a lot of time with the video games, but my female friends definitely.
1 T/E:MUSICAL  excellent both of my parents are musicians, and I've had musical training since the age for about 3 Right now. I don't plan anything, but I have played and has some degree of. satisfactory skill with both piano and violin I have also played not quite isn't that says the piano in the file, and I've also played. clarinet  patella My father is and my mother is a high school music teacher teaches music theory. to place a sex now, but that is I think part of the reason why I started clarinet. My father started teaching me how to play at the cuz I guess that was maybe the limited version of the phone.  I really for instance if you looked in my bag right now. I have Billie Holiday and Ben Harper.    So fun definitely. I don't know how much time I will devote to it and transferred going to lessons and practicing when I'm like 40 years old but I would definitely ohh at least continue to play the piano. very social instrument I was trying most mostly with classical music.  and That is fun when I'm in the mood for it, but also because I read music fairly well. I also. people both parties in people stay here Play this. and so I mostly at this point the social a social music. I really love shopping.  
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   I did well axle.   I was given. good  I've been to camp every year. since the age of maybe 12  I mostly went to Camp with my church.  Various locations, and I'm from Georgia at various locations in the south. the location change from your ear survival skills  Hey 16. No. Well, I had been trying to at one point in time if I were called upon to give first aid.  I wouldn't trust my wife in my hands.  Yes.  we were Camping in North Carolina, this is axle on at word bound trip. And this huge thunderstorm comes up. And lightning that type of thing and a tree. Gets hit by lightning and catches on fire. And what wasn't quite as if someone has been? attack but We actually it wasn't really really that dramatic.  freaking on fire wood left  Did you feel like?  Is a credit.  Love's camping out doors and stuff like that. I love that a lot. I don't know if I do it with the purpose of. owning my survival skills But I would definitely continue to do with that.
3 LU/H:FOODWINE   Okay. Soco good    light source Loma grandmother's really good cook and We had to look at a bunch of different food instrument. and I'd recognize some of them from her kitchen. And in terms of the wine section that my best friend's mother is an alcoholic. And I work with her once over and I spent a lot of time. giving Alcohol so I learned a little got a little bit about event. Yes.    well Because I'm under 21. I never drink.  so as far as  Hi, I'm actually not a very good cook. I think mostly because I've been surrounded by so many people who enjoy cooking. that I've never really had to cook. But actually wait you my sister when you're younger we set host our own cooking show in our kitchen. We called the cooking with sisters. And every week we made pancakes. And of course we used mix and we tell the people.  That we prepared it all of days to save time. That's my one and only cooking experience really. it was Bisquick buttermilk pancake recipe  Hi, don't know really?  I don't know. Oh heavens no. Nothing more than making toast. 
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY    well I don't go to class very much and instead. I just hanging out in the city.   I personally really love tofu. I love the White Street and Just the environment of the neighborhood. I am very keen on walking along like Museum mile. I think it's pretty there. Central Park of course  Not as much as I would have liked I've been to. Mike Brighton Beach and stuff like that because I love rock this but Not nearly as much time as I would have liked. I've actually only been in Brooklyn. And ohh, actually I went to Queens. The Queen's the Bronx two days ago.  for a college fair I am I tour guide and I went to a college fair at Dewitt Clinton High School and represented Barnard car service  I love it. I love being able to get into a Subway and you know be completely Anonymous and leave behind the fact that you know I go to Columbia University and no one knows me anywhere and I like it.   I probably say Brighton Beach or Bronx I'm not sure which is farther What do you mean?  I've been to Washington Heights. I actually went to a party up there randomly and met two kids from my high school. This is amazing because Francis what I graduated we had largest graduating class in our history, and it was only 65 students. So to randomly come up to a party and need to get to my high school with an amazing thing.  I think that's the farthest north I've been in Manhattan. Of course been through Midtown Times Square Theater District Tech Tango to play like once a month. Lincoln Center is a favorite of mine. I've gone to a couple of shows at the the mat I love the Opera absolutely love the Opera. And my brother he is at the Curtis Institute of music. And his old music teacher Ralph Jones in Atlanta his old music teacher continues to play for.  the New York, Philharmonic  I get free tickets to that every so often just whenever I call with an ask which is great.  And so I've done that a couple times. I love the Lincoln Center area code. really pretty I haven't really been in the financial district very much because Hi. Billy  There's anything down there for me. shopping in SoHo and you know Ohh and I friended NYU too, so I'm down in that area bit.
5 LD/E:CIVICS  Well as I would've thought. horse   not even sure I turns out even though I listened NPR everyday. I'm not really taking it in.  Also, I never studied Civic. in high school Hey, there was something I should have studied in tenth grade.  Our nights great at school isn't the 9th at switching to a private school, and then end up happening?  So I never actually studied any Civics, and they asked me a question that was like. 3 inches cabinets in something Good actually couldn't name anything. which was scary starving Actually, I am. Well, this is the first time I wouldn't be able to vote. but Never planned on road and in fact. I always said I was going to consciously not vote.  No, Georgia.   Not really consciously. I don't take it out, but like I set up my alarm goes off to NPR every morning, and I listen to that for you know Power to every morning until I hear a lot about the airport express thing. But I couldn't make the New York senators.  I am thinking right now. I want to be a double major sociology in for an area studies with my area of concentration being Latin America. now now now    actually only registered to vote in Georgia because I Went to the library to get a replacement library card. If I'd lost mine over the break, and I want to take a look out. and While I was there is a lady asked me if you want to register to vote. do you An exact while you're waiting for us to process your library card. You can fill this out and will mail it in for you. I literally that's the only one registered to vote.   if I were to     Mr. Becker with Nadia surprised 
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE    my sports training hand eye coordination skills  My billion a follow Tosh my attention to detail. That we had somebody.   I wouldn't believe you.  
7 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  excellent You said you pretty much.  well Yeah, it's true. No. So the first year.   I tried balance it. I mean. It's essentially what I didn't high school, so it's not. totally new pattern for me Hey, Lisa. It's crazy because people always say how in the world you getting the college, and how we want you to get into a collie flight Bernardino?   but I Hello, Trey. Whiskey Z. Don't my high school and I'm kind of continue doing it. Ted it's Philip Your Love of Russia I dated one.  No. so silly
8 LD/E:CIVICS   Well, I thought I took it in. But apparently I didn't. I'm also doing this while and you know getting ready for the day picking up clothing, and it's also not very loud because I don't want to wake up my roommate.  I will wake up my roommate and so I'm also doing this well. You know like going to and from the bathroom and Specialties and showering and stuff like that so it's not really surprising. What do you mean? Take it in. Why don't think I'm giving it enough attention? I can. Billy only hear it when I'm sitting on my bed. So I guess finally I got surprises.    the main reason why I haven't Billy been into politics. It's because of the fact that  It's something that. I don't know. Have difficulty with the fact that it's something that it's constantly changing you know. For example you can study Spanish. And it'll always be exact. It always be the same way. Where is politics you have to take into account. Current things I could take into his into account history. A lot of times get frustrated listening to politics now because I don't know all of the history. so I told myself in the dark a lot and muscle one of those people who  It's like. I have to make an extremely informed decision. And I'm also not one of those people who wants to settle for the lesser of two evils. I'm frustrated a lot with American politics. and I have a problem. West that that's Like I'm technically interest in politics. but Just a message is America. I'm not. two key now
