0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Burger  Gotta clean up my sister. Oklahoma   Who is the easiest of a bunch? Looks like most hands on. I'm like I'm better with my hands.     What about?  Well we always went camping so they're not was easy. My father was a carpenter, so you know just been always working on with my hands and stuff.  logos very good sports baseball hockey hockey Chelsea Pearson I told your best.  Yes, I'm probably expecting.   I'm just I'm really good with like numbers and stuff like that. This is Connie easier to me.  Kevin good sports Just a speak saraceno, not really. Six Flags Don't wanna some plus. I have a lot of plus to voicemail more than I can handle. Yeah with Six Flags. I want to go. I want a big snow.   Mike Specter from Thanks for the status of for baseball, but had rotator cuff surgery so I can do anything. All the most intense work. 
1 T/E:MUSICAL     What? I'm just not really musically inclined.     like heavy rock guitar heavy metal Metallica Megadeth Iron Maiden Just like the heavy stuff Burning Bright. Russell long it bends.   David guitar post  Probably like School choir in grade 8 or something.   surprise  
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   better than musical good   I just had a lot of camping experience housing to Cub Scouts Boy Scouts like I knew Lobby entrance already. That was once we went camping up north in Canada and one of our member Scott. It's almost like when it rains know how the rivers can I get overflow and he almost got put into the rain, so we have to like tells like the one who Crap took them out. I like most of life threatening kinda fun. like 11 years old Jason we got a new he's like clinging onto this we had to like it was just it was like 15. Are you panic I know you know what to do, but we're at we get them out, so that's cool.  Well, I got bad just a Boy Scout this sucks. I pass all that Sophia. oh, yeah, definitely I take pride in that sell success something always good to have some. And I've always worked with kids and stuff, so this is my cell.   swing it yours  
3 T/H:FOODWINE    What? I'm not really into wine man. That was like I like beer.  Heineken Comment on with like hamburgers and stuff, and I really feel like you know fancy food now. cereal  my mother We will be actually 8 out a lot so.  So woman's job. What's the first thing you ever? I have never really took them maybe. Post it sounds like that. I'm not really want to know. hamburger at the Shake Shack on 2030 Madison for Logan Matt Alex it's knobs. 
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Hello, that's a good.  No very good crew.  I love New York been here the whole life, and I don't leave Manhattan or questions have to do with Manhattan so pretty much knew everything. Alex Central Park metal I'm on Gramercy Park, Marina. about 3 years Yes message. Just checking with my wife, and I got a cheap apartments or after September 11th. Tanya Watson 86th and Madison Hey six, Ansari Columbus. So I guess this is a message. No, not really so I don't. My family's like outside of Manhattan. I'm the only one to listen, and I can I don't have any room for anybody. Siri really, I'm not really I'm not really into that. Empire State Building Central Park Hi, and I probably take a lot to a nightclub.  downtown  Do you still it's Rebecca around like 14th street meat packing District?  This is open 11 nice new great spaces around the meat packing District. We do a great place the hotel Gavin's forum for teens in life, 9th Avenue Aaron Lewis Calico pool on the roof and stuff. So it's really like some invoices. Maybe when I was like oh, no it's like Junior hires phone.
5 LD/E:CIVICS   a side by side Poria I don't read really newspapers and stuff. I don't really care about the government.  the Sports Center  I've never voted.  That's not really for rich people that's going to do is Nancy.  newborn  Big dog got me through high school and then return your hi. Hi sister Eva. That's all I care about. So what a surprise? Nappa Dragon site only for rich people men's nothing. I don't give a shit about the caller person. I miss my life is in danger zone some really time my let's not Danger. Not really means nothing to do with me. I was a test. I'd like to   the nature of 
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Listen was internet.  Bisexual Honda, that's what you think. No, I understand that.   Not really moving. I got a nice place to live I mean her bucks. I don't really make a break me so. Hi, I really don't I really don't care man. This. I'm I live. I live alone either side of City for me to come all the way up here again, so really worth it.  which one  also based on  
7 T/E:MUSICAL  I'm going to think you're making the sir.      I'm not like I said that I really don't care. I don't care about voting and stuff. I'm not really into like challenges and stuff. Hey, Paul still playing sports. I would leave or not anymore. Hello, this is taking rather be on Monday the quarterback now.
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  Meredith  I was just on my experiences with Cub Scouts Boy Scouts on the father being a carpenter. Just always been out. So I never like Spanish summer here in the city. Hello, I was out in California. We're always out in the woods and stuff. That's where we live so look up in the hills. 
9 T/H:FOODWINE     I can I think you make a mistake. I never drink wine in my life, and how the hell my supposed to know what wine goes with what's glass me this. Five different Gladstone, I couldn't tell you what type of wine or drink beer. You know how to properly Europeans eat soup how much Wilson?
10 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Hello, the city. I love to walk. I've been here almost my whole life outside of times. I've been actually really, California. 
11 LD/E:CIVICS  Urban What was the first time for everything?     Man, I've never I told you to live never even voted. Hello, my supposed to know who. Who's the treasurer is and I don't know the only something soon? I think we have enough.
