0 T/H:INTERACTIVE  Okay. interact  click the not time I'm in the natural hard but the Shooting Hoops was okay, so I guess it was all right? foot  I don't know what my life. Connotative score is I guess. Give me like. average Hello average. Yeah average.  Yes. words, okay Hi score is fair.  I think it has to do with. This is most of the events are dexterity thing so. I think it has to do with whatever.  experience I've had say 5 God causes his clinic since the trashcan every time you just I'm going to do fine at the the ring cost  Yeah, you should play basketball and soccer. Definitely caught my Kleenex. You know. Fade away, I kind of thing. Hi Steven. 50% of the time   I believe the carnival in time. Actually, I think again. I know. I just wrote the gravity. I've done a little bit of it. I was in Boy Scouts for a short time. Good, I dropped out after Stars. I only got a half the experience   I'm good. obedience in Alberta in terms of Remembering a whole lot of instructions, I usually have to take some notes. I don't think so. I think I mean it. think about Pea, it's me playing soccer me. Just having 72 sense of where everybody else's in knowing a few. basic having a few basic physical responses flake checking Run but as far as remembering a list of instructions. There are specific in strange. I don't think you'd have any. Knowledge of how it's fair Annette.  
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  Okay. I think it was. alright accept I forgot part of the national anthem which was.   It's about. The Bob's birthday in there. I can't remember that but that was about it all.  I miss Court overall pretty poor.   I'm Alison to the cinema MP3 stuff. settle  I used to play. drugs in like Middle School band High School van but  It's Allah just haven't really done much.   Hey, little. It's even some piano lessons an arcade. Not really my client my dad is. I think you didn't have the same thing that I didn't used to play with you know a news High School. But my mom is just never really got into it. so it's not one of those musical family for the parents are always killer Conservatory student server, just kinda Supposing me to stuff all the time if it's definitely not true.  Hi listen to oldies in the car with my dad, it's about it.  I grew up in Illinois. Hey, what up size my parents now? important to me not like Ohh you know, this is my passion. It's important to me in that it. I need to just got a Relax, but that's about it.   I see I see you know. Hi soon. I think they'd be out late understand. You know. I listened to some. Say music they do. when it when it comes to like Do I know? Something about Mozart do I know something about? peace famous people If it's not something about that. I've had a music on. They're not going to be surprised about it.  
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  survival okay  I did very well. I'm about section.  I think. Party who is due to having some. Spirits in Boy Scouts and also just Haven't been. camping and it's been 2 some like outdoors type places with friends and I'm out well I was up to Star so that's I think it was through. I mean I was. jacquelene organization til like 18 but you know I stopped kind of getting into it and high school and Can't let it slide. I don't know 3 4 years. not anymore, but anyways  back in Illinois I just need to go camping.  No, I can't find, Illinois. I took it. See if you're at the Red Cross once. yeah, it's That was two or three years ago. Yeah, like I could even use more training. I mean I was at. the church last week and somebody fainted  everyone sort of standing around looking like shuttle dear so Heather you expected there's going to be a doctor or somebody but pretty much You really need to be repaired. Example there is somebody here.  swapped over in the sandwich line alert Hall And nobody's really acting so I went over in 324 shock. As somebody call Cava, that's the campus empty people. You know this is kinda. There's a level of preparation that. I've got but if you could see how you need. Need to really be up on this stuff. It's press. Napa chick you know I mean the pointed. half of that, it's just Avoiding soy using your map staying together following the trail I kind of thing.  
3 T/E:FOODWINE   I did. I did alright.    Text Babe. Call it good.  Hi, Trish, it back into Middle School home economics.  Now she don't I don't talk to you much, but. That's not what we learned to go back in it was at a kitten that kind of thing. Listen to meet up. the focus of this section  No more less than the next day. Yeah, I that we spoke difficult part. Italian, I guess is my favorite. This is an everyday.    Hi, this is not. It's not like we came from. Stomach my dad's in Italian us would always making. family recipe
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Okay. I didn't do too.  poor  I see this mostly in from being a student here. I mean it's not like I Really go around town a lot. I'm pretty much on campus to am at work.  so my The parts of city, it's I know about it pretty Limited. No, I usually go back up. Yeah. I go again. Well, I usually I usually go. Job, so I go to Central Park. So I need a commission.  You know I just have one person one day. That's all.  Dad a couple friends here outside College.    Yeah, like we went to a couple of shows. We you know I took him over to. To Riverside Park, and we walked away. I just saw usually take Subway. Don't know one 9. He's not really I think it takes a long time to get there so.  Good morning, Sean. Hi, it's $0.90  I just lost. I don't know. I don't know if that's really been lost and you have to leave to be a little. And you have to not have a map. And always there's always somebody asked like I just want I'm looking for this record store.  Couldn't find it.  Awesome guy walking the dogs away. Appear to be a local cell. Didn't know it was either.  It was like. metallic 26th Street Italian I think  Probably probably Battery Park it went down there, too. Check it out and get you this after.   
5 LU/H:CIVICS  Did you sign you?   I think it was because in high school we had to take this. contemporary civilization Course it was like about modern issues in America.  Hey, that was just purely. Luck of the draw my class. being The one that got screwed on a change to Cricket. so this message Civic Center one No, actually go back home.  I much as I can I mean I read the teleca review. when it comes to me and Larry Hall My my best friends on the board, so I just got to talk to him about it sometime. I guess I just keep the times and I check out the Wall Street Journal a little bit.  And you know I'm not. I see that's about the limit of my reading the spec to.  Yeah, hello. Sense to be kind of you know. philosophical International politics service discussions yet with college students  I think it's instant I've become. more aware of it at least in the New York State respect with with the reporting that happens in the liquor review in the spec I think  as far as domestic politics International scale There's nothing. more politically involved here  at home Get the signs there, too.   this condition I don't know either. Trans where I go to grad school. Yeah, I think that makes sense if I'm going to be there for a long time. Yes, I stay here. I'll register to vote here, but For now I'm just studying here. I'm only here like two thirds of the year. so I think. Angela I'm here long enough to build up a real. familiarity with it and you know More so than that you know the names that you know how this stuff. Have an actual interest in it. Dental Change my registration. Yeah, that's about. I'm not disinterested. I mean it's important to know about I guess.   Yeah.  the most interesting part, it's Institution I think it's I drove it. We say. See if you of the changes that have occurred. Answer if you get an addition where they've got the original. Stuffed it is.  4 minutes past 4 I need some kind of compare. the few changes in the Can you get a changes it's gone to your like 3/5 compromised or something? That's interesting.   Okay.
6 LD/E:MUSICAL  No, my dad's before musician like. No, I mean, it's like. something III, dude distract myself from homework     I mean I feel for the drums. I like to bang if I get the chance. Be cool to be in a band or something. I didn't totally.
7 LU/HE:SURVIVAL   Yes, I can't. first of all with the Boy Scouts and then Just kept doing that even though. I wasn't active in scouting. It's in, Illinois. Yeah, I had to lie about my birthday birth information unfortunately. So that's where the confusion is.    You may think whatever you like I think. If you would like to hang cast the entire interview at 2. That would be. the way to go   
8 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY    Well, I didn't get there, but I was supposed. That's where it was supposed to be. No, I don't. nothing in particular
