0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Ashley I did surprisingly well cuz you In the past I haven't done so well. But this time. Actually, I serve came through. It was closed definitely was good but.    Well growing up in New Hampshire. There is a a lot of athletic kind of things like I did three Sports in high school and Been really continue here, but I continue to work out hard to do yoga, and things like that and so. I think pretty much all the experience I've had doing hand eye coordination interactive things helps me. Field hockey swimming well and cross country. And then just hurdles spring.  Julia Yeah, actually went to quite a few as a kid traveling through, New Hampshire. There's a lot of different. Carnival kind of thing for you to the rink off you win a big clown or a big dog or whatever else you want to take home. Yeah, actually usually 1 pretty much every time. My friend asked me to throw things. they didn't want you to Pretty much. I did it. so every time Well not every time, but you know you got like 5 chances to win. And then you know your little kids you have like $5 in. So you got like know 10 other chances, and then if you went 3 out of 10. You know you get home, and then if you're up for it when you get I don't know like a some kind of pain night, but if you went 8th at 10 you actually get a stuffed animal sort of the building prizes. I gave you a lot of bump. I had lunch from my bed late. 2532 Steve Lee there's three or 4 per year   braces, Texas   But I think especially as little kids they want you coming back for. Of money I wouldn't be the one buying the tickets all the time the other.  little kids      Probably good. I think it probably has more to do with growing up in a competitive household in family environment. Hi, everyone. It's pretty active in like sports or things like that and I deserve generate this competitive atmosphere in terms of you know well. I can claim this free so I can climb this free. It's higher than that tree. Yeah, you know. In terms of everything you did sort of one that men shop in this kind of competition, so I think that probably have more of an impact anything else. if I  What to say I was pretty good too, although all of them are pretty poorly coordinated.  Nick imperative times sense, but I mean I definitely if you have the people I played with in high school. You know whether I should get. the gold from The corner than yeah, I could do that.    Did actually say pretty good? Sent charge of just giving me directions in meeting my friends round City. I generally tend to do that.    No, I don't think I have.  You to testify. Yeah. Would you have expected to do well on the test it?       well initially I thought Maybe I wouldn't do so well. Just cuz it's morning. I barely woke up. I haven't had all my coffee yet. So for me. Sometimes I'm not so awake in the morning. Let you know once. I'm actually waiting. I only had 4 hours of sleep last night, so. Put that all together that can cause some. Yeah certain uncoordinated effect.  As good as plus II was good. 
1 T/E:MUSICAL   I thought I did well I did good.   What did you do?  I'm awesome. I think so let's just song recognition. I think. I actually did course in high school so I suppose. Probably helped, although. I haven't done anything since I've been at college.   No, not now when I was young. I play the violin for about 8 years and The piano for a few, but then I thought of what that fall off. Suck harder on the piano or get ours in the room share.  No, I was just my mom taught me cuz he did private lessons, so I guess. Technically yes, I depart listen to the rest of my mom.    I said last night my boyfriend after me. actually It's a probably group. He won't know recipe Tina. now Yes, it's Pennsylvanian concubine. And I'm guessing probably don't know that either.   That's a pretty well. Android No, I was on the screen. It was going along. Do you listen to?   Now I really don't.  Well for the most part they were sort of childhood. Rhyme kind of songs. set for the Star-Spangled Banner which growing up in New Hampshire you have to say that everyday and Yeah, some reason there's bats and all that and so. that one is quite familiar with   cancel I told one of your friends if there was a section that a test. I think I would do pretty well, I mean. Obviously Demoine Tyson friends you majored in music and so I think pretty well.  So I mean when I was with all the music Majors. They would expect me to sing the Happy Birthday song or something like that.  What was no music Majors? I think I'd be conserve. good If my boyfriend start up a little bad saying I kind of thing lead for a little bit. is very much just kind of Did you clubs not really doing much but? I did sent.  Well, I just saying I didn't play. Instrument although I did try and teach me guitar. My fingers in actually take to it too well.  Bellevue, I don't know if you know that is actually the same name. Yes, I know it's the mental hospital.  But they have like a little stage in the back, but every Wednesday for a while. Hi, they had performances. and So somewhere pretty bad, but I was going to pretty good reception.
2 LD/HE:SURVIVAL   Not so great. like very poor Well, it's like Grandpa, New Hampshire. I didn't really go out camping or hiking that much. Yes, is the whole competitive Sports interactive part, but? I really go for the whole survival thing in terms of going out and doing. Survivalist experience as a lot of people did decide to do those kinds of things for you get. dropped off Hanna remote area he Andrea you get Specific amounts of things like you get some dryer lint. Batteries and some other things and you could try and stay there for a week and surviving. Smells or whatever else you fine and start your fire in that kind of thing and that sort of distant appealed for me. So I never really went out. That was so I never really got that kind of information.   a couple times for Anthony Hampshire, but I was usually the one are kind of like. flag along Did not really. Know what to do someone? Some further Angela, I have no idea what to do. I don't think I mean. If there's no one else around I suppose I could so I guess it's better than 9, but. I don't know that I'd be a lot better than that.  No, I thought I call for someone else.  I don't know. I guess I kind of vaguely remember CPR pictures from. restaurant Chinese Walls were you know in case someone has a heart attack? Trying to some of that if I don't really remember it all that well.     I guess I think what is it called the heimlich maneuver hi sis  I guess I suppose I could try that. if you put your arms around someone, I think and Sex accuse me you're fucking on. person if you want to create pressure so Here's I think. Dude, I don't maybe you do 4 pounds on the back kind of a thing. So it's far.  Yeah, unfortunately. Well my family did. It seems they go camping in the woods, and I would do everything I could to get out of it because I didn't really want to go.  Mr. Time I could get out after just a Day hike. but then Sometimes they decide to do like a rent whole camera thing and spend the weekend drinking Bud Light, which was not really my seen either.  So I think for the most part I tried to stay at friends houses at that point time and have significant school project that we're due.  That's why I moved away from the Hampshire if you New York.    Hey, tell you I really did not like it. They definitely call you that.   King's New York in 97 and that was a few years before that so 90 for maybe 
3 T/H:FOODWINE  I just Lee did pretty well.  second    So I did. Be good.    Well, I think. Hi to the couple years off and so I had some time sort of. In the real world sitting outside of a dorm and so I could tell the wine glasses of it. I could. Yeah. Steam, I feel remembering the time that my mom has a kid so.  So that kind of thing I guess the system better experience in the field.   I know fair amount not as much as some of my friends. Because they used to drag me along too. Their dinners cuz one of them work for an architect, and he loved one didn't really have much else to do mostly settles office anyway accept. Every night around you know 4 o'clock because that was about time to start drinking.  if you want people to come over and come enjoy this one at 7 Free mature learned I learned from him. Android go off on which ones are sweet and which ones were You know double barrel for mental, yeah. I spent some time kind of learning some things about that obviously I'm not expert or anything. But I say compared to sort of like a Layman. I had a pretty good knowledge.  Lately I've been into the M Brio's. It's an Italian red. thirsty I don't know if you enjoyed that kind of thing.   Isolation have a wide palette.  everything decide of dog and Oxblood soup    Babbo's you know those or Is actually very good? I've been waiting for a while like one of our friends medicine.  I had the oxtail.  Hi, really good. I got a server Benz up trying that cuz I Who is on the edge of what I might or might not like?  We have an Italian I don't an Italian Renton. What an umbrella or something more? Definite go little bit better. the server Deanie sort of taste remember though Yeah, Ramon joint. Sweet, there's my boyfriend a couple of people in. German the far end of the booth Sam this is Shelly remember seeing the wine. the bottle like cooking  It's like sometimes. It just helps me relax. Android baking I think more than cooking.  I think it's a little bit the survey specificity in Paulding baking with you the right ratios. You can serve start to play with it.  I myself am in the mood for. Lately of in the mood for curry, so I'm making this Battalion for not telling. Thai curry with This salmon, I guess. I said X. I was thinking about it, but also is a couple of different recipes I adopted myself. Specific ways of grilling the fam, and what not and then actually doing the curry and the rice and serve combine it all. And just answer my Impala.  was it angel food cake
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Hopefully I did well excellent. Again, I think it's because I took a couple of years off. Yeah, I spent some time. I worked a DOT calm as a programmer.  Yeah, I can't I'm going around New York Senior guy worked at a company down by Madison Square Garden area, so I kind of got to know. More downtown, but I would normally living up here.   Noah has a really sometime in Brooklyn. Hi the Williamsburg area. but other than that a little bit of time to Storia to going to be physically called but significant time  What up the NR before but I think those lines of all changed, so I'm not sure what I take me off, but I haven't been there in a bit.   my friend We had to take the L II G. Lexus Really kind of a pain his you're fine from the Upper, West Side.   That's a bit was when I friend who lives like in the financial district area. but definitely I usually let him take the lead a bit although. I did get to know the area. One of my favorite restaurants down that is reference code Vietnam fever go down there. You should try it.  Looking for friends of there so I spent some time there are not a whole lot though. Yeah, I kind of know my way around the area.   Yeah, I do. Nexus Usually friends coming visit, and I end up being the one having to show people around the city. And end up being a feeling like a tour group leader leaving people around.  Selena here the site. Let's go to this one. That's the Empire State Building.  Depending on who they are so Rivera.   Good, I haven't been for a while.  Where was it? I was in Brooklyn. I was trying to find my friend Department. This is a while ago. It was in. sounds like Yeah, Jeff Bush wreck on those new.  Becoming RC but not really RC at neighborhoods made of Studio there. I was trying to find them never been in the area before. I don't know Bushwick Brooklyn very well.
5 LD/E:CIVICS  Not so well. poor Well, I don't really have too much of an interest in the area outside of something that's sort of. Headline screaming news. I don't really pay attention to it.  Know what is a debt get? I usually get from online and see if any specific things. I'm interested in like. Yes, Pacific in West conferences coming up or things to do that or different Tech news.  115 math I don't know  You're a half maybe.   No, actually most my friends. I don't even by newspapers. What little news. We do it just get online.    Hey, it's Erin. It's Sarah. par for the course  not particularly Not particularly now.  Not something interest man. If I happen to go on a website with that alright inevitably get on some link to a tech flight, and I go read things there. not very interest in the current events    No, I took the one required Civics course. I had first semester like freshman year, which is 6 years ago now lives. Little to no memory of it.  Well you had to take one semester of physics at any point time. I took my freshman year to get it out of the way. Good morning Hugh, my head Mendon were think about anymore.  My high school, or you know, it's just the one freshmen course that I took. There's one step, but I took the one that was. Blended American history English cuz I had skipped one of the year, so I got to skip out on some moves. the history Creek elem well skip the English years and then This message combined class so I got to take the come on class which. Used to Professor well teacher. Wasn't ridiculous person teaching history? And Tony CT English pre much. Ran the classes so it's mostly English with little bit history.   We think I don't know what is my English teacher my math teacher I say. I'm definitely definitely not.   How did you do it? I know right cuz I could memorize of things, but then I pretty much promptly forgot about it cuz I server had this ongoing. Goal that I wanted to go to cause I knew to go to call it had to get good grades so II up my freshman year and then forget about it.       No, I don't I'm still registering, New Hampshire for text reason.  And so I could directly photos, New Hampshire license except. I haven't bother kitties. I just left presidential race.  Hi, dude. Yeah, actually came in the mail. The came to my Barnard mailbox, and I just did that.  I actually like.  Hello.  No, not Chick-fil-A like I mean I guess we had to go to the 5th grade field trip to go. look at it when I came up to New Hampshire, but outside of that 2 billion press in the document self  maybe in third grade when I was probably bored hanging on the wall next to me but Do I remember any of it? That's?
