0 T/H:INTERACTIVE   I couldn't remember any of the actual. Lyrics are I know I couldn't remember anyway. I couldn't actually. Do what was asking me in terms of like? coronation like throwing things I couldn't Get it and aware. You know stuff. Supposed to turn something in a box actually missed it so. That was actually really. unfortunate the Avenue coordination    Okay. alright    now Hello. now Lay down. They don't think that.       No, not at all.  now  No, I didn't.   Hi, Donna, actually. I don't do that whole Carnival thing.    The public gray that I suck at following directions.  well I just 10 to 10 people out I think what I'm from people are talking and giving me directions. I tend to space out and  probably why I don't do very good.  Sure, yeah. I get bad ratings on. coughing bangs in the boxes D very well    I've never done that before ever. It was something that. Took me a lot a lot of. I had a lot of Alastair at the picture at the sample of like for a while in order to get it correctly so  No, it was not.   camping  closely been like not I'm a roofing a situation. There was like. I don't know like a lot. I guess we could say it wasn't really. pet stores  Rick 
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  Actually did really really bad.  I'm trying to be.  Well it was the lyrics. I didn't really actually know. The lyrics I didn't know. I can even actually name. the 1st borrow one of the song so I do not plan sermons. I have taken music lessons in the past but not.   well in the past violin and piano  Probably like a few months for you.   really fall for No, I did not do it. I can't remember the last time I saw your public. Ben probably over 5 years Do any good.  I do not do karaoke. Yeah, actually my brother is. He is a concert relative. and he As I know it's life. So I was more academics. He was more the Arts. San Diego enjoy listening I do yeah. all kinds I'll text.   Not at all. They are well aware of my lack of musical ability. so they would Come as a surprise them.   No, I have no desire to ever. that direction Hi, Mary. I did it. I was younger and I Would leave it there.   Daily, you know. 
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  Okay.  I actually. In my opinion. I think I did really well.  excellent well because  even on that outdoorsy  actually in rattle And I very internet very intrigued with like. adventure stories So they do. Go over a lot of that sort of survival. You know whether situations. and So I sort of need answers. freezing  yeah, I'm taking first aid pretty much all my life, and I wanted to go into medicine so I can barely swallow. Yes, yes, I am. in an emergency Yes, that's absolutely. 1%   I think every day.  Every day it's like survival. not a Boy George Clara  This is Sandra. in San Francisco Yeah, I would. you know there's hi, Keenan, you know in Marin County and  me beach activities and  Spending a lot of time out in Muir Woods. You know that's kind of. 
3 T/E:FOODWINE  Okay. I did get I did good. I did. my opinion good   well  I think I did get it because I actually spent a lot of time your Napa. Send the questions action involve different kinds of wines. and I've done wine tasting over there and Zach see give you Just want to check up on you gave us. Supercross course all that stuff answer delicate Various kinds of wines and let's glasses Sears, and so I had that knowledge base already.   I do know because my brother. Tom is also shop, so  Yes, absolutely.  Well right now. I'm really in the Cuban food. Just cuz that's new to me. I've never. I never had it to like moved over here, please Coast.      What's actually called the Spanish American restaurant? Spider-Man Network like flat iron District Probably I don't know. Hi, babe. 5 times a week  They actually would because III. I did good. I didn't. That's I think the reason why I didn't do excellent was because I didn't actually cook growing up. They did all the cooking. Sermon some things I know it's something. I don't know. and David you know   understanding as to why  sure    
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Okay. well I did actually really really bad.  Cinnamon new resident here. I moved here in January. and 7 still difficult to get around and know where things are at and. Actually remember the names of the streets intersections where they located.    Well, I work. You know 60 hour work weeks and so.  home But I'm not working generally you know if I have to go home.  So as a result. I don't know a lot because I go from point A to point B. day in and day out I live in a Laurie side. I take it out. Oh no.  Yes.  never  well Yes, I was lost let's probably yesterday.  And they actually probably know the city better than I do. Rich's prophetic  I did, but they actually took me around. Nexus send me something so That was like I say pretty pathetic.  well We just went to like restaurants and bars on. They have. Friends that live in the city so hang out at their house lot.   No, cuz I'm moving. a four side At Lisa's out.  Cuz it's a nice location. well I like where I work til 5 just act like that. And that's I mean honestly that's all I really know like I know. My current place of residence. I know the next place a resident. I know my work, so that's all. 
5 LU/H:CIVICS  Okay. I did really well. excellent  well because certainly in high school  I was really focused on going. to college and serve  took the time to apply myself for advanced placement education courses and excelled and all that  I knew that that was building up to getting accepted into college so. Hey, Missouri. Matt review for me two questions  Enjoy, enjoy it, but I just like knowledge of you know u.s.. History in general and how that all plays out. Text Sarah. Yes. Yes. short now I do. well My job right now is our national based job and so. There's certain laws. I have to know related to stay. And that keeps me informed as to what's going on a national level. including, Alaska and Hawaii Puerto Rico Absolutely yes.  The junior high but yes.  Hi, Dad. Hi Dad was advanced placement. science   No, not at all. absolutely absolutely I mean I know that I mean. I just I talked about it a lot so. probably Of a bad, I'm with conversation related to politic. Sam National Park  first time I was aware of it was when I don't know I I think I really was aware of it when?  Jesse Jackson came smoker High School and I was Turning your 10 it was a presidential election for Clinton like his first term and actually got the boat so. I probably said that's when I now Okay.
6 T/H:INTERACTIVE  This shit out with you bring positive really bad.  well  It's more like a lot of writing. I have to do a lot of writing. and It's more Project based and it's more focusing on one specific project. working with one Area and doing a lot of writing and Reporting related to that. So I don't really have to. Hi, also pretty much run my own. Like section of work, so I don't really have someone about me. Mandating what I do.   not black not know Maybe my C or something, but you know. 4  They said fuck. They really would.
7 LD/E:MUSICAL    That was the one with the lyrics. Yeah, I did Brad.  well because I was asked to sing songs that I Didn't know even like. the first bar too  Steven like remembering one song I was I could actually. comedy, but even if I wanted to  It is I do have something more of the background. I don't this is Hailey. We're at something and I need to like. experience first hand Like I like it. I listen I enjoyed listen to music, but I don't really. It's more. Just the kids I work day going or maybe. I'm doing some other tasks. George listen Hi, Don. I don't know. Only because that was playing on the way here. Call me because. I was listen to my Walkman.  very bad I mean the songs that was after thing I could not even tell you. They weren't like anything. In my opinion comment or something that I'd be asked to sing on a normal basis.  I think it's been over. It's been way over 5 years. No. I cannot even honestly tell you. 
8 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  I think I did really well. excellent  adventure story adventure stories like Set about Dorothy type thing. Not that I liked experience it firsthand, but maybe reading about it's okay.
9 T/E:FOODWINE  I forgot. Napa Apple Valley Ben this wine something wasn't  
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY   portly    Why is on? Right, but that's all I know. Man, I think in New York. as a whole and all five boroughs I mean, I honestly. Moving here in January and working 6 hour work weeks. I don't. 6 hour work weeks ago have time to check out things as much as the next person my    now  
11 LU/H:CIVICS     well just contacting you know one person out of You know like maybe from. State Health Department I'm working with that one person and bringing. Training to their agency order to the area. It's okay.  Absolutely it does say it's 6. I'm interested in the Fascinate and I've always been fascinated politics in general. and so having to know where someone else the whole chain of command forgiven state I mean, I'm sorry. afternoon my lap Yeah Christy, I guess.  Sure that you were.  Hello, Sam.   4 Civic particular local presence I mean they might now. I say I'm pretty sure I don't I think will fit my family and my friends yes, but if it's 6 some random person from work. I don't think they would really know just cuz I don't know me as well.
