0 T/H:INTERACTIVE  Does excellent? I have excellent. And I coordination excellent. muscular control, I mean this compass Just highly coordinated. Yeah. Yes. I'm very good at it. right on depends on circumstance   camping  Yes.  ICP coma prize a little stuff snake  Gave it to my boyfriend.   I hit it. Right next to us to stuff teddy bear. Sounds about right. As long as it wasn't field hockey. 
1 LD/E:MUSICAL   Let's just say. Jello has no competition  You don't really Atlanta area.  I failed I can't sing.    Mazda discount  She was holding her ears. that bad Yeah. Hello listen to music. No.  I took piano.  about 10 years ago    classical Rob  musical theatre whore mean Just because I like listening to music doesn't mean I can. It did doesn't run in the family. It wouldn't be surprised. Dave babe basically said Please don't sing. 3 weeks ago at a friend's birthday.  The pirate birthday song that a friend of mine Road. Oh, yeah. That that was it.  Not up, but not that awesome. Hi pumpkin. It's been. like three salsa lessons at the karate school my father, please piano And my mother was a big man singer. Like I said it doesn't run in the family.  No.  Like to be a big deal. John Cena  some telling the truth  Why would I okay? Why would I lie about singing badly? I mean if I if I was a bad singer. I plan to say I was the greatest thing in the world to go. ego Music is ego. damned if I know 
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  great Hi can survive anything.    because I No, my survival skill skill some campaign. In from growing up in California, and you know this. Knowing what to do an emergency situation?  the lot of camping on, California This is Nevada's up around Lake Tahoe Yellowstone Big Sur. Rubbing it. You know can't you know can't fires. Nothing to move to New York.   1989 California earthquake in San Francisco well Getting out of the subway safely from both of art system. from Vaccination since we're like stranded there.  When I get this message electrocute ourselves on the third rail.  Figuring out how to get from point A to point B when the deathly no public transit. And you cannot get it, and you couldn't get across the bridges because they were closed for the hair clips partially. Superstar bass iCarly Do this and you know? Watching the marina Bernie. 9  I'm not better again.  Hey Nate.  Yes. basics for a first date Yes.  It's a fellow. Few months ago at Starbucks after place. I thought he was having a heart attack.  Well, I'm at CPR certified. I was able to like.  do enough to keep him calm and cat sorry Can't you know the people Starbucks notified to maybe get an ambulance going in? Not able to recognize symptoms and all that. Yes or no that. He was on suffering from severe idiot near near fatal edema.
3 T/E:FOODWINE  Hi, dude. Siri neighbor I did. Well, I don't know my wine and wine glasses. I could identify these cleaner the espresso camper however. I had not seen that pipe before but Hi, pal. Oh definitely. Dog food like why turneer there is no life. and if you can enjoy food What type of living? Oh definitely. Yeah. Yes.  my mother  Oh, yeah.  Sara Lee Yes.  baton calling   Between o'clock oh boy. I'm having sorry. I'm having I'm having those problems today.  PA  mostly   I could I like it. I like it. Okay, good, Chardonnay. last night Oh golly. a friend of mine at Renaissance Faire California 
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Okay.  I'm I'm not as familiar with the city as I think I should be. ebony porn site almost to a 1992 That's left all over the city.  Staten Island Hello, John Legend. They lived or on City Hall. with Midtown It's on the east side. I go by landmark and not by Street. so if you're saying x y and z I only I know the landmark. I know I know the Empire State Building, but I can tell you where it is. I can get there. I can't figure what the soups are. Subway Picked up a map and said you did. Yeah. you know I mean with a subway nearby facility from point. You know which office. You need to get to an alert in the subsidy need to get to it. If I don't worry about anything else, and then if I'm going somewhere in tonight, or if they might hammock. today Only when it's all the stairs going. Who knows there's no this stuff? lost in New York City  The first time I went out to Milo, New York City advance in Brooklyn.  Christmas trying to get out to my lawyer from Brooklyn. Subway Got on the wrong subway line. No.  Hey, be surprised. Hey wishful, thinking. We'd have a really good sense of direction and Don't have a clue. I really don't.  What why should you not out? Do you have an ulterior motive Raskin?
5 LU/H:CIVICS  Okay. IROC excellent   animal sex Listen really well. It's my my favorite subjects in school. We wouldn't be surprised. three days  postage bye donate Did you can't know everything about everything? Yes.  Yes. Yes. definitely Quarterbacks. Well I was that's a stated in high school as active. that's cool it in purchasing the word yet on because it for too many friends that did not want to go my brother was eligible for the drafts and just Central going it looks like there was like really stupid thing because it was it was is appearance me that the The Army associate mom was interested in defending the wrong country, so why should wait I mean the friends. We're doing the sending of Vietnam and This stuff that needs it by you to use paper fiance Boston we went in and took the front these places. cinnamon cycling fell so quickly kinda proved my point  everywhere, but the TV Hi, Mr. Post. the news Guardian Is interested in The Herald Tribune sided in this paper? I get my hands on our way down the net. Atlantis Derek Lee Cuz we don't only talk politics. No. Fairmont but not anything that they would like You know put me in Jeopardy for you know.  Well, it's with my friend, and I we said something we don't talk about. Can't wait to meet seen too many. pipes break out because there they have their of the Dude, differing opposing political views and just seems testing for the prince it not to you know is like we don't need to discuss this. Yes. Why wouldn't I be? I wouldn't anyone be. Yes. Sure, I guess. I'm not wearing the big head to the stuff it.    American This is Dish Network with a dead. It's Michael asses off and I'll deal with the clear.   This is Lynn. 
6 T/H:INTERACTIVE     Why would you say that? I don't know. I mean I mean I know I had some speech difficulties in my brain injury, but my Thank you. Sorry.  any products much better and we go Function you're telling me that you don't think I was telling you the truth about Mya. Scoring about how he scored on the interactive?  And I'm saying that you know I'd I scored is why I scored quite. Well. I mean you know. quite honest, but the fact I have a brain injury and that it did the defect my my word finding in some of my speech, but it didn't affect my And I coordination or any of my other my memory. which is voicemail because so you know Makes it very hard to work if you don't have a good memory, so. 
7 LD/E:MUSICAL  Would you like me to sing for you? Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Happy Birthday. Happy birthday to you. No.  that is It's me five minutes. I'll sing Happy Birthday the same way. no, I like I said I Play piano book.  I'm never playing concert. I can recognize the notes.  dr. Timothy years of practicing and blessing I still see everything else coordinates plate even a while since 4:40.  You've never been to karaoke bar. Have you? 
8 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  excellent survive Yes.  cologne  I really don't know I mean I don't know what. Surviving you know what what? Why you know?  Well surviving. It's important, but it's far as the stay with the why it wouldn't you know late? It was like that something like that I mean. You're in a situation where you have to save somebody's life, and you can't. And you said you could well you know.  Yeah, look at you and said. What you said? You said you could you could you could put that sentence that persons our email? You could do it tricky Adam?
9 T/E:FOODWINE  No my food. I know my wife. I know my lefthand for my right hand and I know it seems really use a dinner. Yes.
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY    care plan Mark same thing Jimmy it's the same thing for I did go well. I didn't do well at all. Is it a go by Walmart so don't quite street names in the flight? difficult doing me I'm being asked for it. You know name came across feet since going, huh? Can't do it.   She went to the bad.  No.   Well Dennis, it's Lana Mark. Even the Wilderness Hughes Landmark, you don't have CrossFit.
11 LU/H:CIVICS      Great, thank you.
