0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   Hey. Does excellent? Because I'm really good at corresponding with people. and I have to do that and I work a lot and I know how to speak to people and I know how to Is H&M and I know how to? So that getting projects accomplished.   America I'm going to tattoo. Play excellent. Because she knows that I do that my regular life, and I I'm very good at coordination, and I'm good at interacting with people. and And I'm good at making a project. Yeah, I do. Hi, Sam I play tennis. When I go to carnivals I do play the games yes. I like to play the win. Lucas I was going to Big Bear.    Coney Island this summer  Yes.  Yeah, I used to that thing Girl Scouts, so I know about time outs.
1 T/E:MUSICAL  Hi there good. Yes. Hello, it's been very Musical. My parents just the same to me when I was little.  And I play a piano. Since I was 11. Hello, Mozart. I'm back. I could play racquetball, but them. I can't play at Metz complex songs that I could play this Facebook.   Two or three times a week. I enjoy it.  Well, I think in a chorus for a while. about 2 years ago  I'd like to say. the radio Stop by hosting professionally.  Taco Bell And classical music, too. Can I just tell you that the composers? Well to listen to The Rolling Stones. I like to listen to. Muddy Waters  actually   Because I study dance I would very very. Mike I was the cute into music Affair the practice to the classical compute composers all the time.  I like Shield panel off. I like.  so McCoskey  They would they wouldn't be surprised. Hey, Michela. I'd like to see. 
2 LD/HE:SURVIVAL  Ohh hi jenda to the poor?  Well, you know I'm not an outdoors person, and I just I don't know I couldn't I couldn't figure out the access to any of those questions. Ohh when I was missed you. I'm in my teens. Dance, I can't Canada.  I got really sick and I was the last time. I like my teacher conference so easily stay home, or if I have a holiday I'd like to go to stay in the hotel. training I mean just what I read on the internet and stuff. So only once with my friend was talking. How do you say Heimlich maneuver? death Yes, I saw that in the restaurant and I know how to do it, but otherwise now. Yeah. Hey, Dan, Shelton. other people around 2 Okay, so General I have kids. I never did. and if I were to It was a boy. They would understand that.
3 T/H:FOODWINE  Hey. I just fair. Hello there a lot of cooking Implement, and I'm not really I know it stated how much to cook meals. Hi, Charlie it out.  Hi, Annette Louis Eric either. Steakhouse Angus Hey there.  10 x 8 Thai restaurants    Hi, Sam  beef bourguignon  I boil water that's about it. I can scramble and I guess I really have to.  Hey Chana, terrible cuz I never have parties or anything. Never cook from my friends.  Well, I had a party, but it was a Catered Affair.  Tanner action I found a view. that 10 years  Jessica this is Jeff.  They have part of their one of their stuff. To be placed on the somebody I forget.  Hello, you know I drink wine. But I'm not wine connoisseur. and so I couldn't Really remember what? glasses of held with Skyline just I just drank what? I feel it's great for this mail at the time.  Who am I now?  My mother I made.
4 LD/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I would like to talk on that one.   Emily delivery, New York for like 11 years and I  traveling much In the subway that's all the transportation system, and they're asking a lot of questions about that. I love in, California. San Francisco actually I live in Chelsea.    Hi, Greenwich Village. So it seems very civilized. it's not too overcrowded like a lot of the other places in New York and Just realized seats, and it seems very.  Hi, Darryl, old buildings.  Does live nice restaurants in people seem very more? cultured eyewear Taxi  Had a boyfriend and queens. So that to your place to go out there every once, lol. I take a car service. Well depending traffic Beth half hour to maybe 45 minutes sometime. Saturday because People and we usually go there restaurant we got to the theater. I don't really take people around the city that much I figured Taurus. They can go in there, or you know they could do the Taurus thing on there wrong. Hi interested. Soon if for snow tires in a few things to really interested in like to view life. press of people    it was 1993  I don't know. It's something that I'm looking to internet. fireplace   New York that much  To too many people too busy. I like to be in. Hi, Kevin. people I like to see us and that all the many many 30 people   irritating to me Yes, Concerta, but my work is here in New York so at this point. It's not possible. Hello, I do vacation. Hi to cruise.  last week Well somebody wanted me to meet them, so they could go to the peers, and I said, I'll go down there, and it was some. Shit, I never heard of in New York. It was a highway. I couldn't find it at all. I don't know where I was. Can't even look like the city it look like. house or something  I think you already asked me.  Yeah, I went to the I went to Empire State Building. I did that. I think once I took a ride on the ferry. 
5 LU/E:CIVICS  I did well on this. I'm very good at civics.  Good at that. I'm very aware of what's going on the government. interested and politic  A lot about it.  every the National Review Iris US News and World Report Hi would New York Times. Ever since I was in college. I majored in our history. Indiana University 410 Indiana Yes, I did. contemporary government  No. I did excellent again. Yes, we talk politics all the time. Hey, Mel each other about. president What's going on in the government? Give me personally.  welcome He's dead now. He was actually in so service. He was always talking about government. Hi, should be involved in government, and he know a lot of that. The all presidents like Roosevelt. Kennedy He's always talking about that to me when I was a child so. Joe it's Tommy died. Yes, he does. Hi, son, at least once a week. Yes.  Yes, definitely. I'm definitely interested in civil rights.    I was I know exactly hi visit my community board regularly, and I know who my young Council people are and I've even been active in politics. Not politics per se but this couple of issues that I participated in protest things like that. in New York City that was Tellis equipment election 1996 Yes, I did. Scale of 1 to 10. I say I'm about.  
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   It was excellent.  Why is that?  Maybe you're proceed me to be different than I actually am. This area, but I am very attractive.   No. It was excellent. Yes.
7 T/E:MUSICAL  It was good. Yes, I play the piano since I was 11 and I used to dance and that we always have to dance class call music. I like music like to listen to it. bility 7 They wouldn't be surprised. Should I sing a lot? I'm around. people and I'm relaxed  Hey now. I have a piano a place. Papa X awake
8 LD/HE:SURVIVAL  It was poor.  Why you say that?  I will be proceeding. I don't know because I'm really not good. I mean if you put me in the middle of the well Dennis. I probably die in a matter of days. I'm not good at helping other people in fast or anything like that. Sebastian Bible Do I know I know I've been in this situation. best to talk about Yes.   
9 T/H:FOODWINE  Yes. Couple times a month now. Hey X month. He's plugging out.  Every time I've been there it's on the menu.
10 LD/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  whore  I can offer the politics banana about getting around them. hi people can Access Le information it says on the internet. Tell TV. potato have actually goes place  
11 LU/E:CIVICS  Well, I mean there are people Honda to number. Like people who are actually Health old office in politics in a little bit more about politics in me.  I pay your right to have a boy College of it.  I do know about government. Sometimes I thought about running for office myself. city council person the stylus  I would like to cut taxes. Hello LT.  Well Larry where I left off. Yes. Wealthy people living there. What's it again?   I mean this is at the Moses Center for me because I'm I'm I don't really need the money or anything you know so.  Why will there's a reason I would be lying to you. Okay.
