0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   Well, I've always been a little on the athletic site doing a variety of things through school and afterwards and everything so I have a fair amount of coordination. tennis baseball golf   Yeah, I've as a computer science as Sunbury use the following directions and obviously have to know the syntax of had to make things work. So following a process something usually very easy for me. Yeah, absolutely. make sense Yeah, hasn't been a while since I've done it, but I I've always done pretty well with those things especially like much the one with that what you have the clown, and you have to shoot in the mouth and everything and get the balloon to pop up. Things like that and I'd like to bring to us and stuff. I mean I usually did better than that 10 people. I would see you around. I haven't done that much since since I was in the Boy Scouts, but you know being in the Boy Scouts to go. Actually think it's a lot of fun. So far the whole thing's been a lot of fun. Just dance practice so you getting out there between 1 and 10. well 10
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  I didn't really terribly in the music section. I really just have no musical Talent whatsoever.   No, never really got involved in the in the music stuff. I was more Sports oriented when I was in school. I listen to music if that counts. Actually, I have a pretty wide variety of music that I like rock soft pop classical jazz I like a lot of things. No, I would say, so I I'm not big on it enough to really know a lot of detail and everything, but I just enjoyed listening to it. Spell haven't taken any lessons and any instrument. No, nothing like that. Yeah, actually my brother was like to play the drums. I was pretty good knowing. Wild Ones it's a never When's the last time I remember seeing something in front of somebody? I had a friend. Just recently who tried to get me to do karaoke, and I said not a chance in hell feel excuse my French. But I don't know maybe a happy birthday song or something. I know neither my parents didn't it's just it was just meet my brother. To him it was but I don't even remember us having a stereo system or anything. In the house like in the living room or common areas something. I mean he had equipment, but nobody else then. 
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  poor We could even say very poor, but I guess that wasn't one of the choices.   I'm not an outdoorsy Woody type person. I mean I've never really got in for the the hiking camping type thing so it's just never been my thing too. West Islip, New York It's my yard mostly we had. Now actually doesn't interest me in the least. I'm a do want to survive but. Well, yeah, I mean here in the city. I'm outside, but I don't know that I would call that wilderness. No, I've never had any kind of training, and I've never really had any occasion to use anything like that. Of course I've seen the the posters that they have it in the restaurants to do in case of joking, but I really don't know if I would actually do that or not. I'm sure I would kill the guy. No, I actually didn't do that one. Yeah, not time. Yeah, not too bad. Probably Panic to some extent not really knowing what to do. typical dear, Manhattan I've lived in the same place talk to play Solomon now almost 13 years. Virginia
3 LU/H:FOODWINE   I did very good an attraction excellent. Well, I'm I've always been interested a little bit and and in those type of things I'd like to to cook a little bit, and I have some friends that like to cook a little bit, so just sort of up on those things. I probably cook. Let's say three 4 times a week. My mother and then just really on my own. yeah, we always you know like to have a meal together and sit down and I try a little bit to sort of keep that same feeling now just like to have that mealtime. Yeah, I did a little bit. Actually, it's fairly simple staple stuff. Not really fancy stuff things like you know some steaks and everything pasta salad those type of things. Probably not the stuff from back then but as I you know where was experimenting with things on my own became a little bit more interested in things and expanded my horizons. I'm out with friends that like those type of things. I just probably learn more of my own that I actually did back then. Alpha today for now Yeah, I enjoyed one. Maybe once a week. Just understand you. Probably more than I do, but you know not a real expert. Well, I usually take it now usually pick up something depending on what we think that we're going to eat. excellent What's the strip? Hi know. It's your job, so it's okay.
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I did not do as well as I expected too. Especially since I live here.  I sort of know things, but I don't know where they are very exact person when it comes to that. Absolutely, I'm in that I mean I I can follow very thing very precisely and everything but put me in a car or directions or something like that, and it's and it's not precise it's sort of like Landmark type thing so you know make a left at the Empire State Building something like that when you get there. I live by the Strand actually on 12th Street.  Before here, I was living in Astoria.  Yeah, mostly I go out to friends places go out to the movies.  Nightclubs things like that. Can't say that I do. Ohh wait, I'll take that back. I mean. I I do enjoy visiting the the botanic gardens. Brooks about the only time I ever get out to the Brooklyn. No, not really. No, not really. I did live in Astoria. It's not a particular place that I hang out or anything. I'm even when I lived in the story. I guess I would more less come into, Manhattan. Doesn't everybody. Most of the time I will walk if it's within a reasonable distance and other times, I will take this out. patiently taking the bus Hello to hit or miss actually. I remember one of the one of the first times that I took the subway and Hi state of the friend's house actually in in Queens, and I had to have some sort of a meeting here in Manhattan, and I got on the train and no concept of Uptown downtown anything else and found myself way up there. And I was just wonder where I am. I wanted to clean. I'm going to get back to where I need to go off like that. I'm actually pretty funny. Why don't really get lost I mean, I'll get like. Anna sort of have to like a look around and see what's around me and what's the Millie? And I'm trying to head in a particular direction. I mean it it makes it a lot easier than the streets are basically number and stuff, so I only have to walk a block to know if you going the right way or not. What do I say? I don't not sure.
5 T/E:CIVICS  Probably pay attention to to the news a little bit watch some news that read some news my try to stay up on current events some of the friends that I that I hang out with also enjoy these topics so we we talked about things and politics and stuff like that. Yes. everyone To some extent. I had time probably fit the profile of a lot of people who pays more attention to the bigger stuff and to the delivery local stuff. about the Civic section Well, it is, but I mean the specifics can be on a local level or on a national level 2. I guess it depends on what questions I better ask. Yeah more so now this year than ever before. I guess a little bit of politics is going to come through with me now alright. Certainly for a fact I've read pieces of it. I can't say that I've actually just shut down said I'm going to just read the whole Constitution now. I wasn't specific. I mean social studies. We certainly had the you know Civics and everything in there. But nothing specific that you said Neal with Pacific class. They wouldn't be surprised. well, I read Time Magazine all the time and I get a lot of news off the internet largely from cnn.com. Okay.
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE  Can't say for sure. Yeah.   I mean you do have to allow for the case that it is actually true. I suppose they would.
7 LD/E:MUSICAL  I really did quite poorly on the musical section. That's the truth. with 10 being the worst 11 I probably the last time we just like a birthday party or something singing Happy Birthday. I don't actually play any instruments my brother plays drums.  Yes. That's a little pussy. I think you're going to decide that I told the truth. Certainly not on them since that's the truth.
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  what my Outdoors is basically, but when I was a kid I think I said I stayed you know I was out in my yard and played out in the yard for a little bit, but That's pretty much where I did my outside stuff, and now I'm just in the city. I mean I'm just definitely not a Wilderness type of person.
9 LU/H:FOODWINE  Yes. Don't know definitely not. Have no trouble hit meeting my short comings. Well, it's not great, but I would put it probably in in the 627 area. 6.6.
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Well, I know where things are. I just don't know exactly where they are so it was it was pretty poor. Yeah, I know the Empire State Building here in the city. Getting past you that would be nice, okay.  I'm just saying I can have to be over at some point. I'm at geography. 
11 T/E:CIVICS  excellent on the Civic section Yes, I am. Yes. Yeah, I have several friends that even more so in in this year of the election everything as it's a very big topic of conversation. Without a doubt. Thank you.
