0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE   Not too well. I'm sorry. poor Sorry. Oh, I know that cuz I don't read. You had to like follow all the instructions, and it was kind of hard to remember. Get a hold of you. Don't remember things so well. Well, I don't think I had trouble with the path from cells click remembering the order.   not a good listener Cuz I'd like to talk. Watching to Pendleton. I don't know what they think. That's an interesting question. They think I'm good at following directions. Yeah, they probably do.  Fucking to think I did better than I did. Well, I think it's where percent myself. Now cuz I come I like the sink. myself very confident, so maybe I'll let them think that  City think the the fact that you sent her to prevent yourself Good day. Not telling me like when you had left your shoes and stuff. Well just so my time I sneakers. Oh, I do plan on today when I did my laundry bag. This am I could it not time. Yes. I don't think that's very difficult.  No. No. 
1 LU/H:MUSICAL   Oh, that's that area did very well.   Hello novum Tonio truth. Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. Why do I think I did well a musical. Oh well. Define McBride. I'm related to a couple famous musicians like Wonder Bernstein, and I've been exposed to music my whole life, and I took piano lessons and I kind of stuff. Oh, I thought I press 2 okay. a few years when I was little Yeah, my father. Also played the piano a little bit and as I said you know we had to go here, Leonard Bernstein concerts. So my parents Incorporated that into my extra curricular activities. Well now. I like. Well, I'm like like sixties music. I like show tunes. Open for musical.  well, you know like before like something comes on the radio or No, I'm at with friends. You know we singalong. Hello before today. Ohh I guess it's like a couple weeks ago. We were out at a having dinner, and there was falling on the you know the speaker system my friend likes my friend Audrey likes to sing so we were kind of singing along with us. Well, I don't know very musical, but yeah, I mean when someone musical I mean, but not like professional, but you know more like you know for fun.  I think this a you know good.
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   terrible I think I would die if I had actually do this thing. empty 4  Well some of my knowledge was like updated. And some of them, I guess I just didn't know. No. in Connecticut, West Hartford, Connecticut like a suburb No. Wasn't 10 minutes on the road I can try me like I don't like disconnect from Canada. We hiked in a park. What was an apartment park now I was. Lincoln I can't remember. Bing  He'll be long time ago. You know like when I was a kid at camp or something. Maybe when I was a child. situation  Hi. well, thanks Al Man, just like what they taught you in school. Which was so long ago that specific form accepted like the snake bite thing obviously change that.  No. No. My motto is to take him to the emergency room. But you know if you live in the city that's nearby. I'm taking people to the emergency funky emergency room.  The Peking okay? I wouldn't be surprised.
3 LD/E:FOODWINE  not too bad 4  well And I really don't drink very much, so I don't know that much about wine. Just I just you know. I'm more interested. Just eating the food not how it's presented and all that stuff. No, I don't cook. anymore I mean really never have too much. Oh, yeah, maybe when I lived. Yeah, probably was much younger. Just eating that what you mean now, just you know meat and potatoes.  Mexican Italian Tom Connors Where we ate out let me see. Okay, I just came back from vacation so we were in Canada. urgent we eat  member well, we'll see Sunday we ate out. Well, ohh well the night before we came back we 8 we had salmon at Palestinian restaurant or something like that on. Scott a little fancy My home at teacher.  my mother  She never asked me.  Well, I know there's like a red and white and Rosie. Yeah, other than that. I'm not really up on all the different you know types of wine. I know a lot of it comes in France cuz I'm going to frame. 
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Okay. I did really good on that. I'm a I'm a tour guide.  The walking to her. all around Manhattan pretty much Since I went to college with the same as well. I told you when I was born so I figure. sociology I live in this neighborhood. And now I live in the east side. It's me I think so.    Well when I go on walking tours. I guess like the Lower, Manhattan, Greenwich Village. well bus or Subway Hey, I don't know so long to that like I don't remember when will just be calling with you know other students. Oh, okay, that's easy question. Okay. Well I take them. famous event That's one area and lower your side. I do a lot about the Jewish. and then when I look to lower Manhattan I do a lot of bad like Flo Neil history and cemeteries   Ohh I think I would expect me to. 
5 T/E:CIVICS  That was my piano. I was good I did excellent. Well, we were discussing that and we I think it was. Because they actually taught you about the government when I was growing up. Maybe people don't learn that much about it anymore. It looks like something from high school. We have civics class in high school. We got a whole civics class in high school. He still alive. I'm sure it wouldn't be surprised. I was you know always look at the stupid.     Yes. Yes, my volunteer for a local councilman. 10 my members of my family we're involved in government in Connecticut.   TV's New York Times don't think we had questions about the Constitution did we We did Jeff three branches of government of course. It's in the Constitution.  Well actually older, I'm getting the more. I'm interested. No, I don't think so. Yes. Yes. Andy hey, this is Al Capone  Not as much. Okay, see if I remember what I told you okay? 
6 LD/E:INTERACTIVE   not good for  Okay, Michael. Tell you the truth now. We're not. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, okay, I fancy. I'd answer your question.  Sergeant do a Lana. I thought we're my feet. I don't know. No.  Oh yeah, hundred dollars. No.
7 LU/H:MUSICAL   Ohh yes? Yes. Ohh I told you cuz I've been you know exposed to music all my life and got a musicals. Tell me when to Westside Story when it came out you know with a little girl. My Fair Lady, and we went to Leonard Bernstein concerts in piano lessons now.  Ohh yeah this message yes. I don't know.  Then I was confused. How would I be surprised or confused?
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  poor   Yes. Well, I some of the some of that. I didn't know and some of it my information was that update. 
9 LD/E:FOODWINE  poor    I don't even know what I'm telling the truth or lying anymore. Okay, okay? I'm sorry. Okay, yeah, cuz you have all these different things here. Okay? Yes poor that was support. Sorry. That I was telling the truth.  Welk's like them just you know like I told her was brought up where my mother just like a the sweet potatoes never told me anything about Food, and I just like to come out and do not drink very much, and I just don't care about the presentation. You know filled up by the foreclosed, and why the soup spoon goes I mean okay?  Yeah, just getting set that's important having good food. I like but the yeah the pre the all the other stuff sort of superficial.
10 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY       Yeah.   baby I'm not going to tell. 
11 T/E:CIVICS  excellent Nature of the responses to the questions in this I communicate. Philly ohh No, I am.  I don't know.  Well cuz I'm I'm interested in local politics, and I am interested in politics. My family was involved in politics since I was little girl. Always, it's been something. I've been exposed to 5. cap that off
