0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   Good, okay.   I think pretty coordinated at times.  I did fine, I think. I received excellent.  I'm very weak this morning and just just  played games, and I was younger and Always very active so two things like that. Because I slept well last night, so it's almost 12 hours. I'm generally.  No. somehow This morning was different.  I don't know. No, but I just kind of phone. But the way it was looking in. Somehow worked out. I think I just got lucky a landline actually. I do lacrosse basketball and soccer played Sports here for a little while actually. I do when I have time.      I think people think that I follow directions. Well that sometimes I've had trouble with them like a second great. I can remember having issues like reading directions and following them and It takes me awhile to. Actually understand that but today. I did which was surprising for me, but I think people. What I do?
1 T/E:MUSICAL  I just okay. I know I feel like I did okay and all these things for me. Whatever I got. good, but I'm not Musical and noodle lyrics and does not  talented with singing   Can I just?     took course in Middle School and also played the bands in Middle School but 4 maybe 2 years total so    Enjoy listening to music and they enjoy music, but nobody's really mystical. I like stuff. On the radio Rock can wrap R&B don't really appreciate. instrumental or that type of stuff very much because I didn't Plants that much if I don't. Appreciate it. I guess. Patricia     at church last weekend    Carter okay  
2 LD/HE:SURVIVAL    really bad actually I don't. Billy have any training in survival of first date, so I That's all idea of a thing. never Family was never into it. We're very much for the hotel and sharing family, so we didn't. Really enjoy going out into the Wilderness in roughing it, so I have no idea. What was going on.   I don't ski. I don't. Billy enjoy swimming so Don't really know and I guess you don't have a common sense to figure out the right answer. Had training Lincoln Middle School for babysitting Club. They had is come in and learn like. basic CPR and 1st Aid stuff, but they did ask me those questions, so I just kinda had to guess. I hope that was right, but I'm   Never know hi. Hello, it's kind of. Remained out of the water nessin always have people around to help me if I had problems.  No, I mean more than like a Band-Aid or anything like that. Always somebody else is going around I could do it like my mom or my friend or something. I've never. I've never really been a situation with me another person like walking through the woods in the snake comes up. You know it's like. Things like that never have to send me and somebody else I had to attend to so. Man, I really. I never had a situation where I had to. Pick up my feet I guess. if something right   I mean I think that I would. Do the best that I could in the situation but? I mean. I don't know if I would. act appropriately, and if I would Do the right I mean there there are certain 1st 8 I think in survival things that Partners really intuitive in. I would do my best and I would do something it's not like I would freeze but. I don't know if If I would think it's the correct thing so.
3 T/H:FOODWINE     okay, I mean I understood the basics of Like what glasses were for what types of wine. I couldn't actually say like. This is for this type of red wine I knew that champagne? That's red line. That's why I didn't really know. the other so Did I did okay?  I got Fair.  I love foods, and I like to eat it and. I just think I go out to dinner a lot and Service listen when my mom talks to me and tells me. You know what things? I use for what and but? I mean I did well on some parts and not well on the others, but I do have an interesting.   Try to I don't really have. I have interest in it. So have the time to do it sometime. so  Often on maybe like twice a week, I'll cook. cooking like making some huge me looks like maybe I'll put chicken on the grill or on the Apple Pan or something I would Grill like dorm.  I don't like the taste of wine but lots of people that I got dinner with are no like wine, so  sort of have an understanding of it and I used to waitress so I had to know a little bit, but I don't like it myself. I worked in an Italian restaurant where they had lots of wine and Hi, this is inertia.   I wouldn't know it. in case it, but people seem to like the Merlot Leslie with link read with Italian so Sarah Letterman Yeah, I think it would be cool to know a lot more about it. Like to take like maybe a wine. Testing class just to get to know cuz I feel like. cultured if I knew that stuff, but I don't know  No, we didn't really. Eat much together at home. we went out and had dinner last geather, but Not really with my parents now.
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I did pretty well. I mean I get around the city a lot have a lot of friends that live around and downtown. They're taking me a lot of places. I've done a lot of exploring on my own so. Actually did really well. I was surprised. I've come from a very small town back in Massachusetts and Really enjoyed the city.   I got excellent which was fun. Pretty good. I was impressed myself that I have spent the last 4 years. Getting snow City well, so I was good. I'm senior.  I haven't actually sent one in Boston and then some at home and then in a smaller city near me so. Kind of got used to the city thing and I think it may be appreciate, New York, New York that much more like. to get out and So is everything so.  I kind of like doing it by myself or actually I mean. I'd like to but Then I kind of have to go and so then you know Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building everybody know so that stuff is so it's kind of like if I have the chance. I like to just take the subway as far as I can go and then like walk around and that's like. Oh, there's a building and there's bad. So now I'd rather do it on my own actually.  I think like a week ago right before Easter break. I went downtown said Mondays. I have a lot of time for you. That's why I'm here. So I went down went to a couple museums and just walk around. That a week before that went Donnelly Catholic see that was really fun and that area and stuff so. Try to get around and more and more now that I have more free time as a senior in. Call me college I can. Trying to get out. It's been a little more time so. I really haven't know I know Manhattan really well. It was good that must apply for the asked me was. Hi, Manhattan, Borough, but. I went to Brooklyn maybe once. Indian food, I think friend of mine took me out there and then I was for food. somewhere that I've gone otherwise but Ivan Paula two of the other Burroughs the Bronx in Rockland Really love the village. I don't know. I think everybody kind of like that everybody knows that so it's not that. Specialist, but I really enjoy it there's lots of. bars on there that when I go to and Hi, Domingo with the NYU crowd and whatever so that's good. I never get like a really good sense of direction. I always have a pocket map so I Don't think I've ever really. Get lost in Salt Lake ohh my God, so I'm I think if I went to the other girls, and they were more. those are little more difficult to get around and understand but Never been lost you always a cellphone and I always have my map, but I'm around this so.
5 LD/E:CIVICS   for really badly   comfortable with any of the questions Don't really understand. client send Don't know much about it, so I didn't really do very welcome. Never have and I really feel like I should so it was kind of embarrassing. I guess I feel like I should have an interest in. soda presidency know who Hey, I was in my Senate and. What people do in the cabinet and I'm just completely? oblivious to it so hello, I'm registered, but I have yet to vote in the election so I wasn't home for 2000. I didn't get I didn't really know how to do the absentee ballot thing so. This really has not been very interested in kind of fee only time. I really pay attention to politics is. When like a friend in spirit? I mean in political science night? Tell me something big is going on or somebody else is listening to it. I'll listen but. Just not interested in that I should be here. registered, Massachusetts my hometown   not really more like the drama of politics, but Really, what people are? Like going for a lobbying for I don't really was little. I did I don't remember that stuff. I will like I also took a class where I? Florentino what the different cabinets were in Mike branches of legislation and who does what and Don't remember anything and I can sort of. I sort of Gaston a lot of the questions after like maybe watching CNN or ABC News in. Caring the names of people and especially with this new trial that's going on. About 9:11 I heard. bunch of cabinet members like okay with those questions, but Didn't get the mall so I think that's why I got the Porsche. It was a history honors history. Yeah, cuz I think the way it where I excelled was more just. like writing papers and Pending discussions, I never really listen much to the lectures in. I mean I'm the type of student, and I think my teacher understand that. I read things and I learn things and then I forget them two weeks later. so I can take the test and and do well on that but As for remembering what she taught us bye. Pretty bad. I don't really remember some of the stuff.    No, no. I was 4 so in my history class we had to actually go through and debate the Constitution and pretend that we were like. Delegates I guess. coming together, too to write it, but that's the only time I really cared about it and I told you I don't really remember how much it which is not a good day. I had to read part of it. But never whole thing. 
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE    I mean I guess that. today especially   got a lot of rest last night and Just didn't have to process the directions that much it was just very basic and quick. I guess when I think directions, I think. coming up here involves and Difficult and usually I have to think about summer read them over a couple times. Define I was just told and kind of went with it and Well, I didn't write you. I mean basic stuff like my uncle has a boat a couple times. I had to like. not at our tie it to the to the dock but I mean it just You can kind of follow the way that I mean I started it 1 inch. Alvin Austin I 90 seconds, and it wasn't hard to do. By the way, I know and I didn't even know the function this told me after it if used to like shorten the right which is kind of cool.  Sexy cool yay for me. Hey, Nadia this incredible.  I did excellent.   Something went right today. I guess I don't know.
7 LD/HE:SURVIVAL  I did poor. Hi, I really have never. Been out and deliver. Hey Brittany training set for that babysitting course, but yeah.   I'm over him, Massachusetts.  It's in very Western, Mass. like Near Springfield. I don't know if you've ever heard of that searson this call is actually the professor with Miller.  I mean I've done after activities the never to the point where it would just be like I'm talking having to people out of the wilderness. I have to make a decision about first aid as always and somebody else there. That's better training that I am. So I have no idea I've never had an interest or need to know more, so I just don't.   My family we hated. I mean my parents had to go camping on their honeymoon. Cuz I had so little money, so. We never went because now that they have money. They want to go and we'd rather hotel and go to you know me some parts might go camping. One time with my boyfriend's family, and they only would I just kind of step back and got to enjoy it, so.  no idea been camping work camping You I thought you meant generally I've been one. time camping But it's not something going work. I don't need to know anything. I just kind of go simply Go Vacation.
8 LD/E:CIVICS  I did okay.  Based, I got poor. I mean I didn't know I got like 3 of 5 on the answers. I think. I mean, I like one answer that one where we had to do like legislative or the cabinet. I didn't get them alright, so I think that. Temp lowered my score, but to me that would be sent that I knew like Secretary of State for two of them, so I was okay. I know I said. I plan to vote in this election by never have before.
