0 T/H:INTERACTIVE    I mean something where  Hey hard. It's me. Okay, so. balanced out It was fair.  Well like I said. I think I did really well on. and something  Do it all. and so I think it down staff.   coordination Yes. but directions following  somewhat  It's c. I guess I I don't play any group bored. I do exercise.   Yes. I played tennis. Yes, it's true group sport.   chair  I never I never kept it up for a long enough to. Kim  Hi. Yeah, I think so.  I think. They would. Hey would expect that score.  Yeah, I think that would be what would what would be expected.  if that person   No, I don't.  Yeah that I don't know. I don't know if you're meeting.  Baby, don't really think of me is being coordinated.  so so actually Hi. I probably did better on this test then expected, then other people would have expected from me. try coordination it was It was fair.
1 LD/E:MUSICAL    most of the songs that I was asked to sing children's songs and I have forgotten the words to most of them. and I can't really carry it tuned. Hi, used to play the piano.  as a child But not right now. Richard it's They probably wouldn't think of me as a singer.   like I said I I don't have much of a voice.     public probably So you know in the group say happy birthday, it's about. last year  Yeah.   Mostly pop music yes.  I just listened to the radio.  I don't like control like really what I'm listening to the home.  it was I mean, I really like.  Like being able to read music.  just in general No.  probably in 10th grade  not really   I think hard to remember that. because Hey, I paid a lot of a lot of. songs that you wouldn't Normally listen to I mean they're just exercises. So you don't remember the composer really know. great classics  because I guess I remember playing. things bye  Hey, we're pretty simple. Bye Shuman. Hi, Danna. I think so. Yes. Yes. I know I don't.
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  Okay. I do very well. It was excellent.  Well, I'd like to read. I read this one book about interesting like  Yeah, just basically survival. Susan in like off all different parts of the world but also, I Have you some of the things I was asked about in real life. Mike in I'm going skiing. Signing up from first hand experience. One of this is one of the different. You need to know.  and I need some of that. I think you just based on common sense. so So that part wasn't that hard?  well one less how to what to do when Someone it's been by snake. And you're off in the woods. so  anybody You should cut off Dia. You should try to eat a little.  This little section device to try to bring the venom out. And use depression and you know. And that seems pretty based on common sense. Ida actually had Express not I was in a larger group. So I would not like directly responsible for. This bye bye. With a bunch of people from Elizabeth Mac Nick.   Ohh that was not what I thought it was just the common sense thing.  Yeah, I am. Mike Riley's in California Hi more experience with outdoors and the different types of. Environment then you find here in City Zoo. But I think some of these things should be like. Yes, Alex. My name is Ari.   well testing the I mean.   actually none of the the things I was asked about directly  hi, use directly with Dean but like knowing how to  how to like the best thing to do some times when you Can you call in default on ice?  you know use ice to 2   please stop smiling, and it's the know the best place to be is if you if you say break your Mac or something my phone  Yeah, that was one of the questions. Mr. Beer at break Where are you? No heat or ice is best? Annette situation Year Charlie, bye ice  You know just waiting for healthy. It's not so bad. yes, I I took up. PBR eyeglass     The type of skills that I learnt there now. That's just you know Malcolm Alton. This is station.  depends entirely comfortable   Feel like I knew a lot of sing. my head but  But because I have limited experience.  I guess  Haven't putting them to practice. coffin  That would make me a little nervous the first. That's your best.  Test at survival skills.  They would probably stay.   That I would do well.  because people know that   But I talked about these things sometimes the people so. You heard me. just using like  talking about different situations Without being the world without having been in them. but I guess it would think I Did I know? to do
3 T/E:FOODWINE   I did.  good  Yeah, it was good. I think because Hi. it's not it's Not just automatic skills that you. You pick up. You have to learn anything. and I paid attention  I made myself learn. of you dining the skills  No. not that often  I would  I say yes. Yeah.  not really  Hi, this is better. I'm expose key now. I would say we definitely. 8 different things and prepare them differently and  Yeah. Did thanks a lot differently when I was growing up?  It was still. pretty important    I guess  sweetheart day  Okay things that are made. Well. I do not get to mostly things that are made with. really fresh   probably from my  from  It is very difficult question.  ugly from my sister's Because I think we learned. a lot of the same things at the same time and  And we're able to experiment with things. two No, I don't. I don't see them for you. Yes, it is.  They would say.  Hi, I would do really well. Probably once a week.   I know I'm at yes. I would say I cook.  every day  
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY      I didn't do very well.   8 years How is Anna? 1996  Well, I guess. You go places. But you don't. Beauty You can walk there. You can.  Tell somebody how to get there. But you don't really remember what III Theron. and particular I would ask questions where between what and what street Do generally how to get there? Can sort of Midtown.  Can't remember the actual Street.  I can remember seeing. I remember a lot of times. What letter, thanks art with? but I can't remember like the name of the whole name of landmarks. I need.  Yeah. like Denise 4 panels  I live in Brooklyn. 2 years in Manhattan    Hey, you know, Manhattan Beth?  probably my my neighborhood  in Brooklyn Fort Greene I like to stay in Brooklyn. Mike the neighborhood psych around  Carroll Gardens XO green whenever closer to the  closer to home  Yeah, every once in awhile.   Well, I like. to take people to Indian and on the Staten Island Ferry and And I Taken 2.   I like to take them up where they have a nice view. If it's a nice day. and Mike Peter observation Karen Empire State Building   I could even to Coney Island.  the park mostly you know large Man Marks rather than  another thing  Well for people to come there.  It's very important because of the things that. They know about already. Do you have to do that then? You can go from there. their time     
5 LU/H:CIVICS  Hey well. I sent well I can history major. and You just have to know what's going on right now. So I read. newspaper regularly  I took a couple of classes in political science. so  You just have to keep be aware of what these governmental positions are. I got. What's Google? Hunter  Yes.      But I don't think I want to go into that phone. Lakers You know any further like? I guess as far as them in school. Yes.  I think that.  He wouldn't be surprised at all. to expect that  Probably not as well as I did.  seems like I'm always asking questions if you will. and This message is in probably. I don't know the answer. but I think because Are talking about these things a lot of time? I know it's in. I guess these peace this information is like there.  I read. Yeah. New York Times and  New York Review of Books    York Observer  Yes in Excel.    Yes dear Yes.  The last being like a very slick. election   Well, I can see the last election that took place. Oh boy here. last November weather But I think there was an election since then. it was just  City hunting And that I didn't photo.  General Yes, I do. Yes, we do.  I guess  cuz I'll start conversations about  different  different things that are you know I think there before the Supreme Court or that are genital concerning Before they go into law or before they make decision. So I'd like to keep you aware of that.   Mr. Holly     Jay Library   I mean in not all in one sitting. but I think I read. the whole thing  different sections
6 T/H:INTERACTIVE     cuz I mean something bye. Did well on? And some things I did. Willie on and it's sort of balanced out ferrous metal
7 LD/E:MUSICAL  that was for Yes.   Well, maybe I know about 2.  But in his test. I couldn't do very well, so. like we're talking about composers, but I wasn't I asked about composers. So I can't remember like information about music. But I would ask to. sing songs and I can't remember the lyrics. Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah, but they're 2 different skills. You know reading? and speaking for us   yeah, I think you could bring that into their mind, but I mean as reason why? not all missions are our thing  You know it's very specialized. So just because you can. Yeah. Read something off page. I know it's not Victor a disability. Right after I said. Yeah. Mean, I don't. That I've done in front of people. so They probably wouldn't know how. how I think That was poor. Yes.
8 LU/HE:SURVIVAL    Let's see why would have to eat. Mike where did you have enough staff of questions bye?  like Yeah. Oh, we might be a little confused because I mean. I was able to answer all the questions. not all of them, but Johnson Okay, well. and  But I don't have much practical knowledge. so But I don't know somehow I did. well That's it is a chance.    Carly  well now I mean I I'm like very close to the   TV example to follow so It's not. I'm really not. exaggerating  I would say. I need.   because I I mean, I don't know how to be in a situation where there's like a lot of like panic and noise and you know. And the conditions are different. so Yeah, the things I know I might not be able to I might be so. overwhelmed But I said I couldn't.  You can save somebody. laughing offer my help That one you're talking about it. You know everything seems to be a parent.  Yes obvious what you should do and some situation.
9 T/E:FOODWINE   good Yes.   I made an effort at one point in my life to learn certain skills.  even though I don't have Much chance to use them. that often the things that you  Speak with you.
10 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY   yeah, I mean I could agree that but The type of things I would ask. Was like you know? between Jesse between what streets and wet streets something   Number of streets I can't remember exactly the numbers. I mean I was in the I was in the range. but Certain things for further much farther east can I think because? forgot to Broadway like well I know it does. I don't remember what to wear what intersections, it crosses. which Avenue And like sometimes, I just get like a name something that's in my mind, and I can't I can't remember the first letter of the street. so I would forget I'll be like you know we start to the Sea. This build out.   And I couldn't remember the name. I was like. the island  Channel So why didn't go very well?  I guess Cuz I said, I like to like take people around town. And I must know where things are.  like yeah, I mean I know it's  It seems like. contradictory 
11 LU/H:CIVICS  Open I'm not.  Like I knew pretty well like the things that I was a spare. panda It's just taken interest in. local  princess This pretty easy.  I guess  when Well when the assignment? What's a lie? or  Yeah, I don't see what it would do much good to lie. and any other shirts can Yeah, that Quest about questions like this.   Well yeah, there's pan.   I only need to tell couple of Lies. but on the whole You can be pretty sure that. That is true. Yeah with a look for you heading.  little bit of editing That's not possible. Mahna Logistics I would say. That I am a 9. When it's always something more you can learn there. Does an awful lot of? information It's impossible to keep on top of everything. particular type of questions have a bath Volvo People the names of people who? held offices Ohh nephew year so you have to really keep on top of that. It was excellent. scores 
