0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  Hi, Boston.   I did poorly.  Tito bye Denial hand swelled up and it. Turn off everything that involves physical movement.   I'm pretty clumsy. Like I don't know 1 when you had to walk across. the floor on a straight line like attorney either Cute licenses balance is minus closed Ed my arms. I like I was walking on a tightrope.  It's it's a varsity basketball in high school bus on the 10th except for the last 30 seconds of the last game.   I think I think I would even diagnosis DDD if I didn't like get the grades on you. I can't I can't pay attention you know. I can't really. Listen to people I can I can read things and remember them, but the one s. audio thing useless  I didn't learn how you can cousin 4 screen. Spell everything. physical coordination  this nigger rigged  I mean it's down to them just a test.  Snappy disappointed that I was still alive. He really hated me.   Yeah, they would. Be completely I'm surprised.  And I walk into walls.  seriously Really bad. This is a good thing.
1 LU/H:MUSICAL  I think I have. I have like. Sue's natural Talent this musical things, I never really for sudha, you know. Littleton  Not right now. I used to. school right now so Okay, so this thing on. Tipton Oh, yeah. I love music gun shows and stuff. I have to say so yeah, I'm actually a couple days ago father record player, and I was playing some old records that I hadn't heard from sky. Since I was in part with my parents and I was one. Hello, there's this weird sort of subconscious at go from having heard it. You know I'm not heard it since I was a year old, but through vaguely remembering the sound. Now this is a really incredible going to trivia experience. Yeah. my family got some like Not many people of proceed a career not, but like my uncle I think is concerned except violinist somewhere. karaoke  The only time I really sing. like this Bars in the village. It's getting really trendy now. Thanks for that phone. Who sings Life is with with Omega recording of it for you? Yes, CD at the end of the night.  80s music Excuse me this music.  I might pick up the piano again.  I mean, it's it's sometimes I hear some piano on the radio or something and it's Peoples and is really incredible things with that.   This is Sue. so amazing 1 people  Expert something like that. You know I think I'm really producing thing beautiful. the fecal Auto work
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   Good idea. Hi, dude, alright. Sounds like great. I got a fair.   I don't know. I just basically. girls in the metropolitan area Have snow census. You know I sort of think that I know. But I don't. severely see radical situation where Well, what do you do if you're being chased by a bear or something? I mean I like well. I think it would sound reasonable to do such and such anyways yeah, I don't know the real answer.  Set timer for the wrong.    I want a couple of times like. Mike sleep away camp service things there like I mean I slept intense. I guess I just didn't answer too much for me. Hi, John, Anthony Jolla.   Billy Beautiful area out there, but it's you know so close that it's more of a day trip, and then my friends go camping. I will it's hippy friend if you do that sort of thing but just never I'm not not really something I feel very secure. useless  Janet French your Auntie's and stuff   I can't do it.  decided blood  level skills   Nothing, I mean. Maybe there's something that I could use the trans wanna just completely forgotten it.   Hi noon. I was at the scene of a car accident once, but I didn't. Really do anything to help?
3 T/E:FOODWINE  good   I mean, I I knew some things like.  I was very surprised myself out the things I did know like which classes the bird in the class you know. secure details the Thunder Roger my basic things that I just didn't know this kind of the disparaging actually  I was a deacons for 5 years.  I don't know what that means that food be important to me. I guess just think about it a lot. So I know some things that I guess I guess that might also be why I'm not you know completely up to. Hi, Alyssa. world is Hi, Susan or whatever. I never cook.  Yeah, would you?  big part of the culture Sometimes even getting more into it lately. I drink a lot of line up so I miss you too, but the glasses were.  I guess I do if someone else is paying more. you know Sounds good on. But I mean if I sent Lee discovered. I had to get on for cooking and one of pursue it, but I don't think I have one.
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I did I didn't really well actually. I was pretty impressed myself.  Hey Dan accent.  Because I mean I guess. I was younger I didn't know anything about the subway and navigating the city of is like this big mystery that my parents would handle but done You know I go to school at 8, but I come down with my friends a lot, and they're all you know. send Other places in the country. They don't even know the city so assertive. Start have to figure it out for myself. You know. And I just I got really until like. Being the person who could I could direct can I could be like we're going north now and everybody turn left and people would just follow me, and I feel like I'm leaving them into the sewer, and they don't even know this. You know either. Hey, good like.  I just I just found it really interesting when people get into that mode rather just letting someone else lead that I've got no like a valued us. faculty at all   I know the the city anyway. I also study naturally. My dad gave me this this really cute little subway map. Stuck to the back of the signature card. Good, so it's it's in your wallet. I mean the problem is that I only started. Susie this is a metro card. Obviously not if she's like a signature card that I was sitting my wallet. But this this is Subway map on the back would say you know 10 to study when I'm bored in traffic in A Place With No reading material. settings at Holton  especially  I know it's kind of a used to not mind. If I got really lost as long as someone else's problem. You know I got in a car whatever the circling 4 hours. I can just didn't know that can be like whatever but. You know not have a car I drive so it's sort of this my problem.  It's a very kind of. You know several areas so this is not many elements 2. you know I'm in New Paul's itself is in Poughkeepsie. Which is a city for the night? You know quote unquote City. It's not it's not actually a real said you could traveling industrial, Wasteland. the nurse just like Sorry, it's a little towns. Yeah, since. I'm the one with the car. You know.   I think so. I think. I mean, I know it's not like it's like 10 sister action is like a you know major elements of my personality. But the day probably. yeah, I mean I I see. Didn't know that I can figure out Subway things like if my friend tells me how to get to her apartment, and she give me a kind of complicated what I can figure out like oh if I go to the Union Square, then it's a lot easier. Canyon Lane Yeah, she probably won't be surprised. I grew up in Long Island about 5 minutes outside of claims. Oh, yeah, I'm here. Almost every day I mean. Who's way I do things like this you know it's like. Going to the city. good psychology study Oh whatever and then. you know walk around and That's why I like buying some books.   Hello.     I don't think I've been lost in a while. actually  Does not Leland? When I was younger.   mostly Looks like mine. Domain, I guess. Also in Brooklyn which is apparently the new Village. I can't wait until that reaches Long Island Lake. like Long Island turned into the ghetto and then start getting to lead enter 5 + Sounds like a long island Juliet G. the artist list 
5 T/E:CIVICS   actually Thought I'd do well, but she's screwed it up.   I mean, I'm really into politics. answer you know realize that sounds really silly but You know I follow them very closely so I thought it. I do well on it, but if it's if you're currently something different from politics.  Knows more is more like. general questions about Does the government?  I did poorly.   the governor  I think they actually be surprised. I really Julian passion in class. No actually. you probably wouldn't be surprised because I I never really paid attention.   I was just super light on the stuff that I knew from reading the newspaper.  studying the textbook you know Are you said to give her a part about? Something I would just got off the top of my head. So I don't really actually study very much.   It's just like. this kind of questions that You show? know the answer  You actually?  don't Yes leak. It's there you. Heard you've heard it a million time, so it's it's looking good. dear of interest but You know you just you just can't. Like bring it up. Like even like he asked me what the three branches of government work. And I was like this is.  question on Earth   I just like couldn't. Can think of the names for them you know?   Yeah, I think I think I'm pretty. Dad it's 7 Bentley  Yeah, I mean if it was if your questions have been about Constitution stuff. I might have done better.   I'm not at the Constitutional Law class last semester. actually audited Actually didn't go to most of the classes. But when I did go.  Hi, Lauren stuff.  interesting Are you? Yeah.    Yeah. I know you said you registered to vote on Long Island, but I decided to just switch to Upstate cuz of the easier.  I guess not receive a let's go. Lost in the mail or something.   the results of her cunt     
6 LD/E:INTERACTIVE        Thanks.     pieces  I have no coordination.  under that like physical stuff   
7 LU/H:MUSICAL    Nothing comes from Moon. I know this person.   Really, I mean this. Your son wish that is on Craigslist Cena.  Columbia City  Compared to like really good in the city.   
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  I don't know. I just hope you never get caught and as far as to say. 
9 T/E:FOODWINE     That's I mean. Those are the ones. I got actually it was it was the piggy little things that I knew it was a Obvious things like this is Irv coffee Master device. I couldn't recognize. I don't drink coffee. it's not the best Vision but This it was it and you can list your thing, but didn't know. this one I'm in New York City.  
10 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  I need to know. I spent a lot of time in the city.  I don't know what to say about that.          I don't think so I mean. Hello, this is Setter. That's kind of like us.  James environment, you know you're not Sound proof room. Why are you on your head? I feel like it. You know this is a little too much so like. trying to try and think of  higher higher plans This is Julie this concerning environment.
11 T/E:CIVICS   Does it was? Factual stuff about the government not. It wasn't like current event you know. it wasn't you know if You questions or like what's happening and crew down right now or? What? What is Kerry Fair the convention last night? And I? And I was gone. Not not like Civic. details This is a test. I think we have a 
