0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  Fair   Well, I missed the Box. I think it was like 67 times before I finally got the ring in the Box. we went on the Highway 1  For the other part to that.  She said I was a foot off. The walking we're had to close my eyes and walk.  the parts of that too Yeah, I got to put a Ford. topping thing before I Skip One It's me why. The only way I could do is run.  and whenever High School like Hi, Russell, but that's the extent of my sports. You know my concern metal pretty clumsy.  definitely not  the one I fall Stover  Tim okay  Test okay not like spectacular. title if I were I think you're probably saying. That's pretty good for you. This isn't worth. not time That I'm not time not time. I haven't done that much now. like Boy Scout training like that  I can I left I went to Carnival.  I didn't like him anyway. Cuz what are you when you went like a stuffed animal right now?  
1 LU/H:MUSICAL  excellent   star the songs that You know I got it all the poppy songs. I kind of grew up with.  like Duran Duran send Madonna unfortunately, I knew those  and then New York, New York, I knew that one    The only way I didn't know what the Opera one, but I don't think anyone's really supposed to know that so. now but I always wanted to but you know Hello that things occupying my time kid. Have not. not really Let me know if you ever did was listen to like either the radio or at my other brothers records that was the extent of it, then I think we had an 8 track, but that was that was it. pop stuff number lot of John Lennon for my mother  My father was found Fleetwood Mac.  Bruce Springsteen   This is Emily singing. Yeah, I mean another words to some things, but you know I try to. I was on my iPod too, so. Maybe today on the street coming something and if the council thing I won't felt it out this early, but I don't think anyone willing Miracle Esther. Tina  Hey, Miss friend that you had. Holly said I was right on because I'd like musical. so
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  Ted it's Sarah, I'm at  Why do some things that we're just like intuitive and something's worth? You know not intuitive intuitive. You know like running from these. you know  it's in tutor that you want to run towards the water if you cuz they would just be waiting for you when you Bob's your head up but An attitude run to like close space.  And some things I didn't know like. My friend got the invite snake.  You know defective item out, which I thought was like oh. old wives tale  Not really, I mean we did some camp for my kids, but I don't consider myself like an expert on survival skills so. Campfire is or any of that sort of thing. We went to Swan Lake and I'm safe Clark which was. white trash kind of trailer Park  When you're 8 years old Premier Nexus S. I mean then I think I'm older like we you know we went to Delaware Water Gap and anniversary thing so so fun but Again like never put in situation right now. It's do my father up at by the snake or something like that so.   Central Park like what's inside the city? I just went to Glen's Falls and so my grandfather.  Because he was having surgery on his arm.  So if you know it's like very nature full up there we went on the on the water on one of those days. Set a 6:10 to 89, but again. No survival skills loan there cept Patty on a buffet.    like to I really. Living in a position where you need to text you.    I think so.  Now I mean. in health class real errands you know like the CPR done anything, but I've never had anyone ground in front of me or  Get bit by a snake or fall that amount our break a leg great feeling.
3 LD/E:FOODWINE  Court  cuz I don't have a Food background. I mean I went to I was lucky cuz I went to Cornell so you know we had a hotel school there, but in terms of like  C Center what I know is like the silverware for certain things   Yeah this. the wine aisle itself like And once you show me the tools I know I do anything was so I don't cook. And that's why I live in Hell's Kitchen weather's great take out. not really, I mean we're Italian, but we and you would think that we have like really great food, but my mother made like Crystal American Fair we got take out. Thanksgiving you see with like You know over? Carlton house my mother wasn't really that big of a cut. The work that she did.   Setting out some really important.  We weren't allowed to have it on growing up, but I don't really know. Defer that to my friends my order wine for the table. I know red and white and the champagne And that your house like Port after. After meal, but that's really the sent it like I couldn't tell you. What's a good line or what year anything like that so?  I like red wine come test. I mean I know it's good if it's not over at boxing. for a jog   I really I mean I can make split pea soup in the crock pot. Looks like I got the Christmas.  But I you know I don't really took that much especially in the summer I mean. Apartments of small that's like an oven you know the whole thing like this impossible even there, so my mother For Christmas. I think she's trying to you know Give me a fit for money.   the next 50 feels like 3 times So what's that 3 times with the course of 8 months? Pass it to Mikey wherever you like you filled orders the line.  They would agree cuz they know. I'm like kind of static in the kitchen. Hi, one friend. That's like a huge. food person and and so we have a party for my friends and He liked playing the whole menu for for my pal. I was like in the kitchen topping with him like that's what I was the science dislike top vegetable, so You know this whole deal.
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  How you doing? excellent  Well, I was. I was born in New York.  linear feet proper, but Long Island I did get a lot of exposure to the city growing up. Angela questions right about The landmarks around the city.  And I wouldn't see for 8 years, and I plugged in like so many parts of the city, so I've seen a lot so and when you're unemployed I was unemployed for a year you got a lot of time to explore this.  Place Live By The Cloisters And I love The Cloisters. I think it's really beautiful. I also love Central Park. I've always been in love with Central Park.   I like my neighbor now, which is Health kitchen.  Because of the severe you know cuz I can always get good takeout.  Sonic South Street Seaport  Cuz I work down there.  An additional touristy thing I'm really not a fan of like cetera Liberty Empire State Building. You know drug going I want to have. people come to this mother places Yeah. I have a lot of friends in California went to school with.   Well since I come visit and stuff like that. So there I have a lot of relatives from Long Island that. Don't really get much exposure to the city, so they want to do some the things. I like the sound.       Well they want the trishin experience that's Empire State Building Statue of Liberty Battery Park City. Central Park suddenly South Street Seaport  if they want to not respond to Karen I would Holly taken to The Cloisters Hi, Paula. Holly Taken 2  some of the smaller parts in the city Madison Square Park Tompkins Square Park where that's like a pretty rich history.  This some great museum Saturn cut off the Beaten Track. you know said not to Guggenheim necessarily, but Museum of Sex in New York City of hike is neelan people King Philip hat and pick up ice cream You know take them to the last Village.   Maybe Queens going to Fishel this Astoria.   Brooklyn I don't really know New Jersey that well.  and style it's like a mystery today, so So it's a Brooklyn Queens. Hello more. I'm at the wrong theater not really from Lee with the phones. myself I had to turn I mean when I first moved to the city of living and wet and I was taking cabs down to Midtown which got to be really expensive, so I kind of had to. Take the subway in Explorer on my own and get Laughton. So and then I was unemployed for a while so and then I was cleaning houses for a while. sad kind of Across the city and so having that I'm really helped. Austin this today I can understand his wife for coming here. I mean trying to navigate through Columbus campus isn't so you know either.  But I've I can't roll off out of the last person.   telling us as a reminder I've been doing it all along okay.     
5 T/E:CIVICS  Yeah, actually I thought I would've done. I thought I would have done better than the night that I thought I'd like to answering some of the questions right but She was mailing me out all them so. poor I did silent, and I did bio Psych.  Because it just doesn't interest me. Okay. finish after 3 arms of the government and What what? The cabinet members we're on it really doesn't I mean a vote. Like it doesn't really. hate to say it, but I said who cares I'm not Civic minded. end  It's in now, and we weren't really talk about current events at all.  I really am. best friend sounding surprise  Call me because I may be there would be surprised because I tend to collect a fact it's a tenth of a really good memory.  Maybe the fact that and pick up some of that stuff goes from. You know being around bye. I think it's pricing. Duty     10 a.m.. And I've been registered since that 18. Cuz I was actually very excited, too. for Clinton  elections So which reminds me I got to do that card. and did you  Now I ordered a 92.  That was left yeah, I'm pretty sure this last time voted.  I read a.m.. Daily that. 3 page ranking Anthony pick up  And sometimes it daily news. if I find a free copy lying around Return had to take like. Government, 101 or whatever that was that construction the government, but? That was my major. It was an interesting to me. And I was trying to make decided have a lot of time for. You know things like that plus like basket weaving and one on sale. Well that I think they've you know I did well on my government course. I'm over that I got like a be plus or minus, but  but if I wasn't like Civic minded I think they wouldn't be surprised.  Yeah, I know. It's it's not right. Define Tire, right.  This is really affecting me unless something saying taking away. now I think I mean, I don't know if anyone is ever really read the conditions like I think it's pretty long. That in the speculation Independence. I'm not too sure about like what the differences I couldn't tell you probably but I know that they're both. import documents one being poor 203  do the sex
6 LD/E:INTERACTIVE   Does the truth?  cuz I Some things I got in some things. I can get like that. the ring toss thing I don't think special for athletic so and I missed that like 67 times.  penis So the walking with my hands close. Sandwich Mass closed I was a cut off. But then other things like you know it's okay. 
7 LU/H:MUSICAL  This is Ruth. Okay. tennis scored excellent Okay. Now why this correct one on?  I know that we have this pair. this message      I mean I was I was told to fit but actually to do really well on that section. Maybe not the other ones for that one. I did. So the survival. 
8 T/HE:SURVIVAL  That is the truth. No, I mean. I don't want to either.  So there's a whole you know Master element. You know wanting to be braver than you are.  Wanted to be in control.  bad situation Reporting that you've had more training you actually have had.  
9 LD/E:FOODWINE     early Well, I said. I didn't.        Yeah, I mean I I mean I'd like to say that.   No, that's we better for the tone. the tools are the Glasses are any family plan. Crock-Pot since like     white an aspirin  I see it's kind of fits me because I have my computer medicredit card debt. Until I'm going to try and get me there. You know make. keep dishes She's on this missions again your paid on my credit card, debt. That's supposed to like. Get take out. That sent to make sense. It also makes sense cos.  you can turn it on and Steve it for 10 hours, and I have to worry about Stirring it or anything like that.
10 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  4 I said it was excellent. I said I left an   the other one   correct   I don't know. I don't know.  Well, I mean if the task of. Tina if you told that you're This is the last part of the experiment.  you know and Kevin over on you you might try to do that Mountain Escape
11 T/E:CIVICS  Send a text again.  Okay.  I don't think my responses. I went to make. Big because I responses me. I did well election.  I can't answer. Holly many questions about it so I think I poorly    Not completely brain dead. I mean I do know things need to pick up I know that Hillary Clinton touch pad enter. But I can tell you that the one was.   Which I redeem myself here two or three?  This is the truth.
