0 T/H:INTERACTIVE      I work out quite often.  I do. I play soccer and volleyball.    top 15 years       I've been to a couple.  Ring over the bottle.  What's the knocking down the milk bottles writing the? Search we only get here and what's the one that goes? like that riding right about that   Leslie good, I guess I would say that it.    
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  We're sorry.  For music I'm teacher.     Yes. I say the piano this accident.  I guess both. five or six years  a lot of classical  Middle School age I say like 10:11.  This message is for a couple years.   That I don't remember.      Nick karaoke   set      I do it depends on the kind of music. better answer     a lot of like a tease And what's up for frog? Eye?  not really
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL  I didn't excellent I will. I like camping and as a kid. when someone has high school I'm Texas Big Bend and down in Southeast, Texas like off of Freeport Searchlight area there a couple of parts for there, and then also up in the mountains and to make it was I guess usually camping but You're not sleeping the house now. Holly of America campaign that makes sense well You will there's one area where you can go and you can sleep in cave and it may take a outside fire and a lot of what you needed and natural foods and nothing that really has because I totally didn't make coffee so. it's Beverly Kahn skis camping is going to tend involved and there's And that you are serve Allen Alden if you're not the house. I'm going. Air Forces of worried Vegas OSU days you like a weekend that we've on this Thursday or Friday, and then she came back. I was trying to remember. My brother a couple times my dad, and he does friends that come in from Germany to visit. That's one thing that we would do.  Perhaps Vegas my mom is it I mean I shouldn't care about a bit. I really big thing for. Hi, Dad Stephanie big Outdoorsman. You know I still go strips with you.   Yes, but very limited any was an existing. Huge ass or crossed her abdomen or 7 like you. Base basically is a mason.  Yeah, I'm sorry.  Yeah, I had to take a first aid class. When is my second year working for a newspaper in Texas as pressing as bear Porter? how to be nice virus while you're Alison just in case about first aid  I would say I know that they are the New York City Parks, and why life people like they will make a sponsor like Wilderness training Workshop. You think that you can take her key, Training through the YMCA or I know the JCC off or something.  you said I would suggest if you go camping with people just giving fast random questions or Please read your network.
3 T/E:FOODWINE     I can't wait on what live in New York City, so I guess just learning as I've been out more and reading different magazines food and wine washing Food Network. About you can have your so. variety usually more effing food Hi, got your piano Moroccan. I have prequalified. Italian occasionally Jamaican like  Hi, Michelle. Yes. My favorite is Amarillo. The wait I've been into Chilean wine for a nice Shiraz the Reds definitely not a big white pine tree. Hey, Polly, since I was 16 or 17 Wi-Fi.  Left my parents, but I have a non to as a lawyer and loves wine so I learned a lot of her. Sheila Not recently, but I used to a lot when I was in my early twenties.
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  really I think it was things were if you live in the city. You don't visit anything unless here. Like going in certain places all the time like to work and home, then there's a way no incentive to do much in the city or learn more everything it. fortunately I'm at 6 knockers total. That's in Split time. sounds like Couple of here a couple years there. Not really good most it was a student, and then or I was working full time so usually when I have down time. It's just it's a little accident over catch up on school. I live on 105 in Columbus. I campus in Columbia. now  Neff     visiting Chili's in the neighborhood, I mean I'm up in Columbia area all the time, so I don't like nice day trip anywhere if that's what you're asking.  Vegas Well during the summer time. I do like your auntie and scored on the market. that I need You know I can even set early hang out. Awash 106 didn't answer to send attention somewhere in there  There is a place on. Personal is Anna corner of 72nd and Amsterdam. There's a place like right around the corner.  unfortunately no Maya My baby has a live at baby was 22 again is Jose, but it was during my finals week, so I really just like yours in that purchase Subway hard have fun. Yeah, he doesn't get lost message.    I actually got lost well. I didn't get lost I fell asleep on the train, so it took me all the way to Queens and then. 
5 LU/H:CIVICS   excellent I'm sitting at ciba and have mandatory to take us history and schooling so. Yeah, I do not. And that we should have been here. I just moved back to New York Fed, so I shouldn't Texas and I have not yet registered here in New York.  Yeah me we could be of Clinton here.  Listen to reset. Hard to keep her out of here. Energy saving going on with the presidential election of course I've been the highlight on New York area politics in various issues with Bloomberg policies, and you know anything going on with Governor Pataki, I mean. How can you watch any local news so hard not to be aware of what's going on in, New York City. I redefined every day and then New York 1 in the morning and also like Good Morning America. It's if it's the other morning so and then late night news. No, not at all. Belden your T-shirt so I guess 17 to get involved with the city politics and learn about the city council and they work, and then once I got the college it means was going to campus like Columbia. You can get away from politics and cultural issues, so so this Increase the interest in our graduate school, and it's Eva. I guess it's hard to not be interested in politics in 3/8 about it. The average person like across the United States or average New Yorker. Hey Thea. limited interest, and I've never wanted to completely dissect it but The documents the type of document that it is and what it prevents in American sliding very interested in that and it says soup regards to some changes that I very well just wanted to make an it or two and then nigga.  I moved. kicking Peddler Jacqueline I have it is been a while since I've read it and its entirety.  Yeah, it's been a long time.  my pleasure
