0 T/H:INTERACTIVE   I did very good. good specifically because I'm very good hand eye coordination.  Blaine Kennel on my life in playing sports logo Yes. No. She should do good.  No, no, they're fine. I'm just yeah.  Yeah, I have done it a fair amount actually. I actually was in a book club, so I was growing up in my home town, and we used to sell a lot and so there was two pieces. Not courses every summer. Hi, I'm just doing a little bit. Yep, Saga. Yes, I have. There's a town in my fair every year and win prizes if you know by doing all the different games. Yeah, Edwin lass acceptable every year. Sure what I see Carnival. I stop by. Yeah.  Yes, I don't trip on off dinner tonight being like that.
1 LD/E:MUSICAL   Not so great. It is. actually that kind of poor  I really haven't. Lately listening to music at all I have a never really sign the Star Spangled Banner. Anytime whenever Sonia Moon elementary school, and I don't really watch sporting game, so I realized I've never really heard it song, and it's full entire day before. No. When I was very young I told clarinet lessons for year, but I mean I wasn't like 4th grade so now for a while. No, we had a piano at my older brother and sister. played But that was all. I do enjoy listening to it. You know my computer while I'm doing work, but I'm not a I would assume a very large. Not very interested in music. I don't go to bed. I don't go to the concert all the time or anything like that. I mean I like it. It's nice, but it's not really that important. I don't really find of that important in life. No, cuz my favorite. You know teachers night for my math teachers are my physics Professor, so he probably the same reason I got whatever you know.  Or or no no no my brother. My brother sister to be on their little and my brother. Also play the saxophone for like 2 years, and he was a little bit other than that now.  I think like 3 years ago. Hi Christmas. We may have some Christmas carols at one point.
2 LU/HE:SURVIVAL   Ice is really well Iceland. I was really surprised. Because you know I group in a suburb, but I never really thought that I had these skills, but I guess I realize I kind of pick them up by the ski. I was in New Hampshire, and I spend a lot of time outside, and you know it going camping a lot, and so I just I didn't realize that it's kind of pick them up along the way sort of thing. I was very happy about that. Nothing much, but you know I was in the Girl Scouts, and I was younger and they really every year they they passed that they tell you them over and over so I mean I've never really been attacked by mountain lion or anything like that, but you know. Heard about stores people up having what they did take it out and not sort of thing. First aid training well I went through training to be a lifeguard One Summer, and so you know one part of that as soon PPR and all that regular first aid. That you've learned. I could you know I have them out at that know right away to call the paramedics that I feel like depending upon the severity. I would know you know when to Make sure that it was you know minimize wherever the damage was before the paramedics got there. Camping this past summer actually I was visiting a friend in Venezuela. We we camping. bouncer listen Well, not really actually because we were staying at the campground we had 10 for no medical emergencies. We brought plenty of food and so actually it's a pretty. easy going camping trip hacksaw hey
3 T/E:FOODWINE   I did good on that.  You're actually my mother. You know the silverware seized they had a motel her family growing up, and so she always tells me when we're setting the table for flip family. Holidays. You know this is this Alan. I said, this is this. I just kind of pick up things about that also my parents like to drink a lot of wine and River how to dinner. They always you know I getting one and so I know which. Which glasses which I just kind of I don't know if he could out by being around them. Okay, I do like one, but I'm not a wine connoisseur. I don't ask for the 82 Merlot or whatever I got to drink. Unfortunately don't do much cooking kind of like macaroni and cheese with my specialty. But I definitely do a lot of the cooking utensils. I think from Jess. You know helping my mother in high school or being with friends, but like to cook a lot, so. Well depends on what I'm in the mood for but generally. I just you know can't stay around some place in Morningside Heights.  Good Mexican food, lot so maybe I'll go to you know the height through Mexican food restaurant. I mean I feel like I still get older I'll start.  Kind of deciding, which lines I'm I'd like more than other ones and right now. I kind of Discord or whatever the other people and whether or drinking, and so yeah, I think I'll pursue that more.
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Unfortunately, I did kind of pull her. Yeah, I'm a little bit of Paris. I was actually.  I realize because one of my closest friends here actually a lot of my close friends here, New Yorkers, so whenever I go anywhere. I just kind of hop on the subway with them, and they pick me see where I'm going and I've never really. Worried about where I'm going to forfeit your help I myself. Multiple you know if I'm going to go. Shopping or something else. I'd just head down to 34th Street and go to Macy's which is pretty easy to get too. I know it's right off the 19, so I don't have to worry about anything. but You know at night, I really. Honestly one of my friends of said hey, I'm going to this fine. I'll just hop in a cab without Bingo and half the time. I'm not even sure you know. where exactly in the city we have No, I'm not going to summer in New York actually boys come home to Boston. Actually, not a lot of my friends that are from you know the cell there from California always expense coming to visit and all my friends are from Boston my home town friends in. Live never come down to visit me. I want my parents to the only come down for a night, and we can I go to a Broadway show in and go out to dinner, and that's all so I've never really done the whole. tour guide for dating all around, New York City  No. Not at all. I went to Brooklyn for the first time a few weeks ago, and I've never been to Queens. Bronson less account the Bronco in Ann Arbor the Staten Island lost in New York Hello, Everly think of myself as being lost that way so I could just Haley cabin. I can get to wherever I need to go. But last time I really didn't know. Oh my friend, and I had gone down. It's Village and we walked all the way to the river, and then we were walking up. It was totally deserted. We have no idea where we're at. I don't know maybe within. Meat packing District eat out, but I didn't know his help house, or what was going on. 
5 LU/H:CIVICS   I did. Good on it. I don't know kind of being at Columbia. There's always. articles about politicians in the newspaper people are talking about politics kind of You can't really avoid hearing all about it basically. I do find it interesting even though. I'm not sending political science. I'm very interested in. You know kind of our country interact with the rest of the world and that just goes right down to let you know who's in power of losing the Senate. Who's in the house? What laws are going through it was happening. So do find a very interesting. Yeah, I was. Nope, I bought Mass. Actually do my mother always says the absentee ballots, and I make sure I vote for the town. What is it? Yeah, Tom committee or whatever in the board of Select Min and I was at a representative. I saw them a little bit, I'm Since I'm not from your side. I'm not as. You know in touch with the actual politics senators and stuff from here. I kind of sleep some more you know National politics. I find that more interesting.  Yeah, I mean you got like I said you can just like pick it up. You read the newspaper if it's always being said. Care about you know. Hillary Clinton buying a house in New York of CVS under I mean just you just kind of hear about that happening. I'm reading your Times online. I also read CNN and BBC online. No, actually growing up. I mean kind of live in a suburb. I don't really care about it all but went to New York, and you're escalate Columbia really people to start talking about it, and you get thrown into these debates and so I mean. I think everyone here kind of gets interested in it. What an early have a high school Civics teacher actually we decide to speak classes more we didn't really ever have current events, but I mean I doubt that they think I did. Well, I don't we never really discussed politics of any sort then it my classes so. I'm a senior.  right exactly   I mean. Yes, I am, but I'm not a toilet never really read through the Constitution as a whole. I don't really. No when people ohh? You know make references a different articles in or what not I'm not always sure exactly what they're talking about. Okay. 
6 LU/HE:SURVIVAL   well Okay. I guess we'll I mean. how many people of actually been Avalanche but they School know how to cut an avalanche you know I kind of you don't have to Nestle live through it's know how to You know survived it. I mean, I think just growing up outside and going outside a lot kind of helps. I mean doing things outside hiking and camping things like that you get told.  you know what I was the Girl Scouts real help we go camping a lot, and they tell you all the survival skills you've arranged or come talk to you and You know my mother bought me.  Whiskey's arrival hambrook one from her boat, Florida, so I definitely know that one winter break just reading. Draw that. I just kind of remember to lot of stuff so.
7 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Yeah, unfortunately. I think the place a suspect. I just wasn't. Exactly sure where they were off of times. I just take cabs places need to stay the name of an area you know and they know how to get you there. Don't have to know the street addresses. Why didn't know where the meeting this week? Hi Brenda said? That's where we thought we were. Emily picked up all the names of the borough system. I mean you hear people saying that but I you know for a while. I don't even really understand. weather perhaps Liz's Harleys the septic clean That's at like you know where everything was. I think also the locations you might just I just did. You know like I said, I know where Macy's is. You know I don't know exactly where Bloomingdale those doubt that sort of thing where she asked me so I think just Some of the one she picked out. I just wasn't. Totally sure about I mean also if you start to ask me questions about the lower half of the island. I have no idea everything is down there and all the street. Numbers stop in there just roads going this way, and I'll see you too somewhere. I don't know. So hey, man, I'm really bad with that part.
8 LU/H:CIVICS  an excellent Carla  Will it like I said, I don't really follow, New York. Politics all that often all I really got is what I read. In New York Times, but I often don't even really read the local section. I'm more interested in international. Things that are happening, and that's why I've kind of learn more, but just a national. politics Finger happen with the president the cabinet. It's worth. That's why I kind of picked up that. porcelain the actual, New York Governor Mary Cutter all that stuff. I don't really pay attention to that as much I do it my hometown. I'll speak with my mother asked me to we set up. Yeah, 50 pounds cuz it might pound one person's count really does count on you one person's vote does cuz it's so few of us, but I mean I don't you know vote for the May or the governor or anything of New York, so I don't really follow that pop too much. Yeah, I mean I was lately surprised about that, but I mean I think once again the questions. Yes. I just happened to notice you know. random things like To be a president one of the qualifications. I just happen says. You know something about this new. You know it's 35 and older and all that sort of stuff. I just yeah. Okay.
