0 T/H:INTERACTIVE  Interactive Okay. I mean pretty good. It wasn't like you know better anything.  Pre average test nothing very exciting things that most that a person could do.    Yeah, it's am coordinating well enough. their price am coordinated Hi his impress coordinated.  I have been to a few carnivals in my life. Yes, Eric. I was a good time.  Hi Rafe. It's Kyle again from the carnival. Not so good there lease ready.  Wake up small stuff snake thing about Volta.  I'll probably 8 or so. Hi Sam good following directions I've been in school for a long time that you a follow Direction pretty well.  
1 LD/E:MUSICAL  I don't really do any music stuff like in high school or anything so if never been really part of my life. Yeah, like what significant? rock music classical music whatever is on Bailey in discriminating safe  Not have to be really good to get Nando. Philip my dad would be par for a long time and my mom played violin, but my brother and I were both sort of the failure in there. I heard of Alaska.  Yeah, I tried. And you know it. Middle School they give you there. stranger band choice hi, Dave strangle well not so good too expensive also, so  That Middle School.  I mean.  be very Messing Probably last time I drove a car so over the summer. You know he saying with the radio in the car. Hey, Elia of life no one else is there.  Awful pop music absolutely and all respects like you know Brittany. Yes, I don't wish for the impossible thing for love.   
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   Well yeah, I've been camping a few times for the average kind of in like a you gotta know first date. I worked at camp that sort of stuff. So you know like the basics but Nothing like super outstanding. Missouri Lampson They're soft Moores in high school. Yeah, you go out that it's generally educational camp that there are like to side trip during the camp that you go, and it's like it's not survival, but it's just like team building and stuff while you're out and ever bass to work together and that sort of thing. absolutely Yeah, I've said many times mostly in the dark for some reason the life wait to campgrounds in think so.  Yeah, try to make sure everyone that you're you're with is like out of the way when you're putting together 10th. Polls will it Staffing each other. That's always very important.  Basically like know how to set it up in a light when it's not so hard in the dark, but car headlights. That useful. That's not a good tip. We didn't do it over Camp last summer, but I'd say 2 years ago when I went on a road trip with my best friend. We were everywhere late. for a week in Colorado That was still guy's name is friend. No, not really. It's like survival skills. We're pretty faithful time and like national parks and stuff.    I'm still having first aid training. Yeah. What does fidelity?
3 T/E:FOODWINE   bigot I took High School home back. I eat food. I don't drink wine size little off there. butter Yeah, this pre comma Knowledge Questions.  Excellent I would say.  No, I don't think. Not really. I'm not really a wine connoisseur Drinker of any sort, so it doesn't really hold interest for me. Excellent good somewhere in that range. I said pretty good the first time and I think that was what it was. I meant like reading. absolutely vegetarian so all sorts of like stir frys and pastas and vegetable thing For my monthly my mom take care of all that we just paid it. Yeah. I'm salute Lee. Not to fine. I have a college budget budget, but Pretty good fit. I don't want to eat them. Donald's everyday or anything like that. decent meals around the city I'm safe. Once a week. Max Soha answer damn comma let's go.  I like Michael height requirement. 
4 LD/E:NYCGEOGRAPHY   Vegas I'm from Missouri like a small, Kansas City's not small town, but I am from outskirts of Kansas City. I'm not accustomed to the like knowing with seen with Avenue everything done. I saw it go with the flow of people around. This a couple years. Leslie, it's Columbia. Just one summer Last Summer.  I was working the whole time so I was mostly just in Columbia area. I've been. Not too much. Just you know like every now and then go out with a group of people on the weekend or whatever to wherever this is Scott. What's happening is determined by them. I just kind of go. That's what's going on. I'm in the Laurie side.  Subway, I like that the F train I think it's the one that goes there. I have a friend coming tomorrow. I'm pretty excited. Bye. Bye. But I was here during the summer a couple of people came by, but they sort of determine their own trips. You know is like we want to go to the met, and so I would like look up and see what that was and we would go there but I don't really been like in charge of to our groups or anything. Well, she is probably gonna want to go to museums and things. I'll probably go out to eat so. probably will Go to whatever Museum. She wants, which weekend look up pretty easily, and maybe just down to the village for dinner.  Yeah, absolutely times a Time. I want to get my stuff done like around Penn Station. I don't know how you get turned around and the buildings are at all. I found some weed West but You'll I'm pretty good with like cardinal directions and general, but in New York. I have a lot of trouble like when I get out of the subway remembering which was which and so I always get messed up down around there. I went to Brooklyn once just like Bedford. About it. I don't I don't know what train does Subway, but I'm not sure which one it is. Hey, would say. I had a good sense of cardinal directions, but not a good sense of direction in New York.  
5 LU/H:CIVICS   biggest   Hi Caleb attention to politics, so it was excellent, I guess.  Evans I've always been interested in it, but since I came to college I live with a group of very politically active people and just like I'd say in the past 2 years. I've become really interested in like I watch the news and trying to follow what's going on and all that sort of stuff. Dr. Politics, I Payless attention to a but I'm on a lot of like action alert list and stuff like that so like if there's some sketchy Bill going through Congress 9:01, it's past and I sent letters cuz I'm registered to vote in New York, so I send letters to my representative here.  Attention to it. I mean it's important if I'm sending the letters that I know their name. I did indeed. Been sort of a disaster I've been registered for a couple years of all the time that I've lived here. but It's gotten mixed up like they lose my address all the time. It's really frustrating for the role of getting affidavit ballots for me, which is annoying I'm always calling people, but I have been registered ever since I came here cuz I wanted to vote as soon as I got it, so it's important to me to vote. learner  Mr. Baby 7 or something like that Yeah, I voted in local actions what my friends was actually like. Fountain city councilman however the lifelike important than High School Latin high school we can go, but it was just like you know one of the things that we were paying attention to it because he was involved in politics and so what I filled enough to vote at the end of high school yeah, I bought it there I wasn't so good at high school, but I Civics most of the consisted of a memorizing the president and when they were president, and I wasn't going to the memorization process. I think you would be. I'm interested in in that if you know defines what rights we have a Samaritans and of sort of an intricate part of life in America, but I'm I'm not like a constitutional scholar by any regard. I'm India.  Looked to the Constitution. I know about the Constitution.  high school sex Yeah, I think so we had a memorized Preamble, and then we had to read all of the Amendments all that good stuff. I guess that's the Builder right but I'm pretty sure we went over the whole Constitution.   
