0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE   porn  I wasn't able to. Do lot of the test. I did wanted me to live throwing a ball. the box or  Identify in different parts of my own. Body in terms of pointing standing up things like that. No, not really. Coffee say that is right. if I would delete see if I will It's not really. Whimsy that  No, not really. Hey papi.  That'll do it. do Hey Darrell. It's close to doing.  Sometimes but not very good at either.
1 LU/H:MUSICAL  Frozen excellent Cuz I like different types of music I listen to music alive, and I'm able to like identified different songs and lyrics things like that.  I'll type site. popular music jazz rock and roll classic things like that Yes, if you play the piano or guitar drums? Yes. Best Song piano guitar John's  party that I went to Bob few weeks ago I'm very well.   It was a song that was playing on the radio. W listening to Yes, my mother relative.  Just a test test mention this to music.   not professionally, but C template different types estimates  This is a virtue. 
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL  very poorly This I'll see you were asking me about like different survival. skills and techniques, I really didn't like have a knowledge about so no, never no, never for CE training, No Doubt Don't have really not that I could remember.   Probably yes, this is maybe just case I'm ever in a situation. Misty so I'll be like more prepared. No. I know heaven.
3 T/E:FOODWINE  games very poorly Slot over the drinking wine or champagne South with the Avenues like knowledge about those type of things that much. no, never Well, I had to cook.  Baby likes Italian food or Chinese food shopping like that. Love you once in awhile. make something like small but Nothing, I smell like. Corso gourmet meal I know I think it means. Baker
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Dave very well excellent because I lived in New York City of my life, and I have a very good knowledge of the city and the different like areas and Defy landmarks things like that.  I see maybe Central Park. I like to go there. mostly Andy blocks of it in Manhattan Yes.  to Museum Natural History  Yes. Louise I know that. You smell gas.   Louis I get I don't think I've ever been lost. in to see if it was a fairly good knowledge of Your transportation in a different streets and everything. I don't think I've ever got Lewis. bus train some cats  I see that the Westside. Like to travel around a lot. Decide different stores in different shops to go to a very interesting like bookstores in. Simply say that you can buy a lot interesting things.
5 LD/E:CIVICS   I am very poorly. I really don't follow politics that much and I wasn't really knowledgeable at all of the questions that they were asking me. No, I don't know. no, never This papers magazine sometimes, but not a lot of this papers. Hey, father said to very poorly. I know. I don't really know much more the Constitution. No. Not bad. No, I don't really know who to send it is Congressman on, New York.   no, never  Hey porn app.  excellent Papa's music classical jazz things like that. Yes. Yes, they will. Yes. super sexy very poorly No never they just have interested me.  
