0 LU/H:INTERACTIVE    directive okay well XO Yes. Just would you would you like me to like elaborate or this is you know just feel like a 1 one word times?  alright science think data Dumb and Dumber and that's help me. Hi dalip, you know coordination and such.  test involving making a sandwich came easier   Yeah. directions phone    Better better than I thought it was. Kelly instructions weren't too bad I don't know given more complicated. I don't know how it's Sarah Pat. This is not to town.  Gina In your case you have to kind of navigate around a lot, so.  Yeah, I don't know how often that comes up within a contact of a friendship. But I mean certainly.  I don't think. Yeah, I think I did I think I'd be trusted. You know giving you directions and such. When I'm with people I do kind. Yeah, like one more dominant luncheon meeting. I have a group of people somewhere. Not time it actually it has come up in the course you my my work sometime. I work I work for a concert venue and Last night, I did have to tie a specialty not to reserve section of cares, so generally know I did kind of lock out in this case.  I don't have a name for it unfortunately but   not a bow I don't know if it did the job.   I don't get the chance to often bye.  Again this this is not the most challenging. I don't Carlo game. Very suspicious, I think the rigs, but this. This is a little bit different. Yeah. Steve-O soccer and track Track coach might be a little more inclined to stand up for me. soccer coach With Matthew Thomas on a personal level so you might get a like a team did response website.
1 T/E:MUSICAL  Yeah.  Yo, I have had musical training. You know I've played around for many years. Also did some singing.  High School choir nothing to you know not certainly not so sure I think but I can you know I can do pitch and stuff so not a problem. No.  No, no, it's not something. I don't have any great passion for so not really. Music it is important to me. You know the big music collector and such but not. I don't think of myself as any as any great talent. I mean you know. This was this was just matching pitch this list. This is not a problem. I don't have not going to pursue a career anything. My music in terms of like you know majoring. I do like music history in the big fan of that. That's that's if anything what I'd like to pursue. nowadays only really during research studies  When's the last time member saying? I think I I did sing. Party or Atta. You know Gathering people wasn't really wasn't performance. It was more to prove a point. Hopefully if that's happened. Then I'm not awful singer. I was challenged. Cecil to appoint you again, I'm not a star I'm just reasonably confident. my mom played piano and I guess you kind of she gave it off in her adult life and see if she regrets that greatly so she did kind of put the burden on me and My father absolutely not not. Now I can't leave anything.  
2 LD/HE:SURVIVAL   Well a lot of this Canary of felt 484 fax to me. not a big fan of No, no, I did go to summer camp at the child's if that was the kind like the outdoor camping experience with very limited. This more optional trips, and I really never elected to do this to freak.  No, no although III I work sometimes in a lot of parks in the city. I would really call that little ass. again most most of my friends I have not I've not really taken to the wilderness. Maybe the ones who you know I know some people who live in like Riverdale in the Bronx. bad boy Youngwood advocate Hi, Mike at last done, but I don't think they'd be too critical. first aid training is I mean I have I have a general knowledge my license Fire Guard. So I have I have very very limited. I I'm looking into taking first responder training. Hi, is it, but at this point might my knowledge is more. You know theoretical much less practical. Not not personally. I I've been in a situation where I've had to call for help.   a good number of times  I've had a radio of gone for help never really had to do anything on my own, but I wouldn't be I wouldn't be opposed to I think I could do that given the proper training.   I worked in a concert venue, so. a lot situations arise use Magic No. No. So not all that's just like the most point blank.   
3 T/H:FOODWINE  4 part of it is Underage so the wine now it is. very limited and also Everything it was a little higher. You know I did I asked. ferret been something for Yeah, like a lobster. I might have had a Fighting Chance. That's section. Did not go well. It was very.   Based on in general are based on like the test. in general You know I think I think it's better than. the score I got today which Got off. But I mean I think. This was supposed wine glasses, and you know food utensils, and if you act if you factor in food itself, which was noticeably absent from the the class, and then I might have done better. You know I can't promise anything, but I think I would. But let's say hi. I was calling from like a one or two to possibly is hi the 6 let's. Wouldn't get myself too much crap after.     This Wednesday would probably be less forgiving. But then you know survival. but Still understandable, I mean some of those.  instrument for rather rare least in my household      Yeah, I would say so I just never really took a hand in preparing it and such. my mom  Yeah, I've set the table, but that that's a spoon knife and fork and play. so I did not have to. I can't even remember one of them.   Yeah, yeah, I was I was kind of able to. And it's like in a general sense Identify some of the glasses, but it went when it came down to specific names of wines. I bet I failed and that's that's where the points were. Yeah, hi. I think I got. You know that's the reason you asleep or something okay?   This is somewhat 9. Yeah, we're not collectors. We we certainly don't like upset over it. You know if you drink wine within the like the contact the family dinner, but not you know if you want. We don't talk about the Vintage. And what kind of glass to put in we only have one kind of glass and it was it's all purpose so.
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   This this is good. This is excellent. Yeah after 2 after 2 inbox sections in a row it was starting to feel a little worthless so. Help me come back on. Hello, yeah, I live in New York City. I've lived here all my life, so still considering a variety of subjects in the test. I guess if this is the one I walk away with it so little pathetic but  Just you know in the course of your travels you. I am I know I've been pretty much everything in the city this point.  Yeah, I really can't say anything, but other than that you know. just Kurt practical knowledge Warehouse Find like a different class if I don't know I can't do it. Just you know exploring new areas walking around basically. Yeah, I mean I've never never going through a map for Outlets. You know and in New York City assist. On the way to something you've kind of pick up from 138. I'm I don't think you know didn't I wasn't born with it.   Yes, that's about it's like. I think I told myself the most just you know.  walking, you know walk around you pick things up and Yeah, I live. I live uptown but you know obviously downtown. It's the more chaotic. Second the city and you know I as I got like older. I spent more time there so that and that. I was mostly me for that. Yeah. So so hi. I thought myself just walk around down there. I like the village Laurie side various. Subway subway now I don't have a car so that's also very impractical, and they recently series The Fair on caps. I have entertained a few friends with a friend of mine from California came last time where you stay with me for two days.  Yeah, I did come off. You know very knowledgeable about City. I think. Yeah, he was in press. but Yeah, I don't have very many chances in general. I guess.  I give it some time in the park at a lot of Taurus at their Central Park. They gotta come there. I do I do give Allied directions that specific places not too much in the city just in the park because they're a lot of tourist attractions in like the the Merry-Go-Round things like that so.  Sorry, Lake City Center Park knowledge. Well, that's that's pretty much up to them. You know they're.    Yeah, I'm going to go with us.  the New York City  I don't think I've been lost. a long long time I If you don't know where you're going you just basically keep walking still you hit something you know. That's the strategy and that's it's becoming increasingly Ray. Pictures ever a point where you're going to know every street in this. Call you need to know it's like.  Yeah, framework, and you're fine. I I've I really can't say I've been like lost or you know Blank gun panicky. Maybe when I was like 12.
5 LD/E:CIVICS  Yeah. This was not so good. This was this is again poor.  I would like to think you know I do better but.  Well apparently made some common mistakes. That's at least but not remembering. daughter Senator besides Hillary, Clinton I wasn't too good. and also that they  this mother questions Hi, it's part of it is H like. Test test stupid mistake. Screen at the order the presidents. Hi your account.   Not even really get along with the Pollock side kids.   I feel like they're they're all more. Yeah, hi this is Tyler New Yorkers are generally generally aggressive people, but I feel like they're also an aggressive bunch. and They're they're more cutthroat. at least that's what they I haven't taken a course this but  What seems to be the case?  When is International politics? What was American both introductory? Level courses? I'm really not going to pursue it any further. There's some overlap in the psychology philosophy Department rather. You don't like but that might be interested in but we'll see about. fresh just finished freshman year  I came in basically we do a freshman. Level course. The group you with people. the prevented dorms based on the Freshman Class you decide And it was very it was like. You know it was a kind of group of people. and that was my course and I was I was kind of encouraged to pursue that because I was Your sorry groups. Bye. Yeah, hi pretty much abandon that track. Ohh date they would be surprised I did quite well.  Hi, I think that was those were some of the easiest classes. You know it. It's a it's a really big Math and Science school. and  And basically our our week point with English and history and that was kind of like you know that was the one chance you know. I'm not the was not the brightest person in the school by any means and this was the playing field was much more level, which is why I kind of remain interested. No, I remain stop. That was why I kind of pursue interest in Polish. And it turns out I'm not you know it's not my kind of thing. It's just that we didn't the contact to the school. You know when you have kids doing you know perfect Math course. It's just it was a little less competitive, so I was kind of drawn to    I guess it makes sense. I'm not a big fan of like from the invasion of privacy that I've been going on in the news but. Yeah, I would like Patriot Act and such. I mean, I'm not I'm not really active in anything like that anyway.  Is that what you're looking for in terms of you know Constitution are?  So that's really all I can offer.  Yeah, I read I read New York Magazine the New York.   Yeah, I read everything is online so I'm not. I'm not committed subscriber anything besides those two magazines cuz my parents get them.   This is Matt. my least favorite politician I'm not again. I'm not usually political person, but I am. Hi, I'm not a big fan of the president right now.  Hey, not even for Leslie issues to for some of the speeches of kind of like that through and watched. I just think like that you should sit language. It's too, so I feel kind of send it to and I feel like.  Not even manipulated for the kind of giving him too much credit, but I feel I feel like I feel like he's kind of decorating the English almost and some of the speeches.  I did I did the mock trial program and junior year of high school. And I thought that was very encouraging was sort of the New York state public school requirements you have to. it's American history that year, so we kind of have to do it half-and-half, and it was a very rushed and chaotic class but That because we got to put it to argue with each other. It was it was very therapeutic at times so that that was kind of Yeah, that kind of brought about like I interest because if it was a great class. This one there would be no Murphy.  Yeah, I apparently they're a lot of forms to this to to the L A lot of different questions a different sets. Hi Noah. I was be so that means there at least for a few given an alternate. Number of course if I could it could have gone either way just kind of going all the way up to excellent, but it didn't.  
6 LU/H:INTERACTIVE   Why it won't break character?   What what led you to believe it? I mean III don't know let me know if the first section we cover. I'm walking in here. I don't know. I don't know. How well you know you know like habits and such.  If you could offer one example.  That's probably the motivation for every purple. I mean I read the waiver everyone who's not a student here. You know that's why I signed up so.   Yeah, I mean. I don't I think it would be very I think anyone could certainly deny the financial motivation. No, not you know. Profile is luckily. I I'm pretty close.
7 T/E:MUSICAL    Kind of not feel might it's not really something. I it's something I did and it's not likely to be continued in in any fashion really so. I don't have any you know personal how you're doing your job. That's fine.
8 LD/HE:SURVIVAL   Okay, well I certainly thank you for thinking that I could you know survive, but. For unfortunately if I do, I don't take great joy, and you know. sticking to the story of a yeah, Ivan   I would like to you know put on better, but I can.  You skip the food and wine. Ohh ohh, okay, Mike? I got confused.  Well first date in a very Urban contact lot bye.
9 T/H:FOODWINE  Well, I see I mean if someone, but there was no food involved. And it's a little cheap and wine you know? I'm under age so. yeah, I don't think it's  Did you do that more a little more explanation?  I can't you know. I'm sorry. I can't help you out with that, and that's your choice. But I know I gave you. I answered your questions as far as after that you know it's not much I can do. craigslist cities yard
10 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Yeah.  every Every answer here. You know true or false this motivated by that and so you know there's not. Someone tried to tell you on that. I need to study.
11 LD/E:CIVICS  Yeah, because that one was. That one came out of left field for me to I mean I don't I don't consider myself.  Port knowledge Civic I would consider above average but Yeah, test I work nights, and this was the start at 11:30 in the morning which is not early.   It's Mike characteristic of a budget. I'm not going to try to say this but the Box test.  No.
