0 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  Okay.  Jordan Barris thing but I did poorly.    I was a premature baby, and so I was really small growing up. I didn't playing a lot of sports and Hand eye coordination. We're going to big thing so I started to focus on other things. Yeah. They would not surprise. No. Not very good at all.  she didn't Not be surprised. carnal names now   I spent a Coney Island want.  But I can't remember ever really going to it. Carlo, it's  You know one of those traveling ones? Thank you.   I don't really play any sports.  But I did ride horses growing up so that's sort of a sport.   I signed up for the gym. I paid the money, and I've been trying to get some time to go there, but I don't go very often. Now my friends make fun of me for tripping a lot. It was in the winter so I see. But I was still a little clips. only two  No, it wasn't that big of a deal that they wanted to tell everyone. I've done other things. They would rather tell.  not hiring  my shoelaces No. Now they had. If you didn't play a team sport you had to get P credits, so that was sort of a measurable couple hours spent during the week. Playing whatever game thing cited the non athletes should do. I tried crew one semester think of right well.  You need directions like. Just geographically are following directions like. Do this do that?  Now I can't think of in time where I'm really following directions. No, I didn't. I will have to Girl Scout.
1 LU/H:MUSICAL   I didn't excellent on that one critical corresponds. when nothing and good athlete how to do something right well My grandmother was a concert Ryland asked, and she left me her violin. and so I started playing at a really early AIDS, and so I developed year and You know this is somewhat of an inmate thing. My grandmother will okay. She was a concert violinist, but she wasn't huge, but she played for the Cape Cod Symphony.   Was a really old violin. They weren't exactly sure who the maker was but they thought it was from Germany. Silas for basically since I could hold the violin I don't I actually stopped. I guess I got a little burned out. I just Play for myself mostly now.   my favorite composer Haydn  hardest peace That would have to be the menu and teenager.  my favorite pieces  Wyoming play parts of it, but intern it's one of my favorite musical pieces, so I play some of it on the violin, but it's Copeland's Appalachian Spring  No, I went to a really really small high school, so we didn't have an orchestra.  I went to high school and Manchester, New Hampshire, I live in Amherst went to school in Manchester No, I haven't. Yeah, I did. I had a great teacher. how long mom I pretty much took lessons kill. I went to college so. Let's see I know. 15 years lease there was times like I would take a summer off from lessons in that sort of thing. My name is Kathy Sanford.  probably, I don't really know, but she was definitely a hippie and I would guess he was just by personality from. New Hampshire, Vermont, but I never really asked her if she was born. I took lessons at the Manchester School of Music. nowhere big name like the places in New York Last time, but now I do some just sort of improv stuff on my own, so there's no name for the peace. I played but it was last week that I did that. Sorry.  Have you ever heard Cat Power? Okay, well she plays the violin and she sort of my role model for that sort of thing. sort of soft a little depressing but really, beautiful  I don't sing all that often and public I'm Hi notice, I Parchman. Actually, can't remember. The last time I sing in public.  On my own. Well. I love classical music and I also. Try to keep up with some of the popular music especially now that I live in New York.  My favorite lowlife son said that but Copeland. 
2 T/HE:SURVIVAL   I did Fair.  Hi fairness. Well, I guess you know growing up in New Hampshire you do you have some.  Soldier to the elements so and I also speed you know You know probably like 10 times so.  I learned I knew how to get out of an avalanche. and  Let you know I did. There's a lot of things. I don't know about survival. I've never been an EMT.   No. I took self-defense once and I sort of had to use this but not survival. Self defense class it was great. It was before. I move to New York and  Learned a lot. This is an eye opening experience.  I have     Not trec I mean. No, not really.   I think I wouldn't completely lose it and I'd be able to you know. I'm not afraid of blood or that sort of thing, but I'm certainly not an expert.  a little bit not time though We go out sometime on the weekend and do it. Has never been lost. Certain past the camping stage prefer to stay in a hotel. a lesson in porn to my mom at all and It was somewhat important to my dad. But he was a hunter for the camping Leslie lost the hunting.  yeah, but I wasn't ever really into it that because of the hunting component.   One time I remember we went to I think it's called Acadia National Park. In Maine we spend a weekend. There was some friends.  
3 LD/E:FOODWINE    Messages after I did poorly.  Honestly, I feel like the kind of things that they asked were designed for rich people and you know how my supposed to know the all the different classes for different wines. You know it's like we had beer around the house going up, so I think that sort of contribute to it.  I mean for myself if I have to but you know it's not fun. When I go out.  Just the basic stuff. I I don't know like I don't like anything too spicy like not like Tire Mexican. I've never into that but You know Italians, okay?  No, I haven't.  Hello, Deacon City, New York, North East, PA.   last time  Last time I wasn't very hungry, and I just had a salad and dessert.  White wine if it's late, it's okay, not like red wine. Now I mean there. It was occasions like when my grandmother came she would bring wine weather and not sure thing but now.  my grandmother's from Cape Cod or seen Is not from there, but that's where she lives my whole life.   My parents my dad didn't cook a thing ever I don't think I've ever seen him put anything. I guess you'd like turn on the grill like the typical dad.  my mom did okay, but she works full time and You know she does. I see on the table for us.  Yeah, I helped her if I could but we also had a lot animals we lived on a farm, so I didn't have a lot of time for the cooking. I'm asleep took care of the animals.  We had horses and seat and ducks. bobcat  No. It wasn't that short of farm. They were more pets. And by having a farm we got reviews, Texas.  No, I guess I would like to try. To get into that a little bit.  I don't know I I would like to be able to cook for other people you know to have some people over to my house sometime and be able to like go grocery shopping and pick up the things that. Other people might like to eat you know. pasta whatever Something easy, but that everyone enjoy.  I said that I helped just one mine. Mom like really needed it, or if we had family party, but mostly I did the barn work. That was sort of my thing my sister help with the cooking a little bit.    Yeah, well my dad has five brothers and sisters so the holidays would rotate so basically once every 5 years. We have Thanksgiving. 
4 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY  Okay.  excellent   you know I took the self defense course and part of that what they taught me in the self defense course was that it was really important to know your way around and Certain know where you are at all time so when I got here. I've studied Maps. I went to different places to learn all that.  well I'm on the weekends. I love to go to Coney Island if this time even in the winter. It's pretty cool out there. and then I also  pink bike Hi, Becca's you're pretty nice area. There's a lot of cute shops down there. 5 years Where am I live on the upper west side because I've been going to Columbia. No, not really. No, I've gone if you are openings there. It was in Williamsburg. No.     on Manhattan Well, I took the train to JFK the other day. That's pretty for. half hour lost  Well, there's been little moments where I? You know exactly where I was but.  Don't think. Since like the first month or two that I left here that I've really been locked for I was concerned about it. I love the subway.  Hello, 14th Street. Have a job on the weekends in Tribeca. That's what I how I know that area lot.   I have a little bit my sister came to visit so I got to show her all around. I'm sort of busy with studying so. I somewhat to start the nurse, but I think. In the future I'd love to show more people around. well I am with my sister she wanted to see Times Square, and you know she wanted to see the World Trade Center site and sort of those typical things, so we did some of that but I also took her to see Coney Island.  we went to a So that rock show in the East Village.      Well if it's too late at night. I take a cab with. That's one of. usually when I go there, so cab     No.  
5 T/E:CIVICS  And it's fair.  No, I wasn't there, but I didn't get an excellent because but I guess it's because I sort of has flipped on my politics since I've been sitting here.  Sing regularly would be a stretch. Should I try to pick up the Sunday Times?   I am Hi, Ted.    fair amount of attention not sons of attention I guess I'm I'm more concerned with International things if I'm going to pay attention to something.  New York is getting to be home. I really feel comfortable here, but you know where you were born is always where you were born. only in the Northeast  I listen to the classical station when I'm at the store. I put that on for everybody. They do some new segments in there. But you know I'm not one of those like NPR freaks that listens to constantly.   It is a little. It's actually an ad agency and they're concept for the store with a reception area so that's what it is they have Antiques and not over price stuff  not a lot I sort of pick it up sort of hi, osmosis because some of my friends really are educated about politics, but I don't make. contributions    They would probably get fair to.    I took a political science course. When I first started at Columbia and so we started. What the basics in? I learned about it, and yeah, I mean and I am interested in that.    I've read part of it not the whole thing.      
6 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  party pad It's a boy.  I'm Ashley.   I wish I was I'm worried if I have kids someday. Yeah, I've got more reputation of being smart.  Jews being athletic I walked around Central Park with my friends. two weekends ago  Yeah.  now Well, I think more people do a lot more exercise than I do and so.    Can you kind of shocking that I'm not really out there running around.   Yeah, exactly.   I don't go regularly and Hi, go bike. once in a while partly porn 
7 LU/H:MUSICAL  excellent    Yeah, hi Dale because of the developing that you're at an early age.   I so pretty. Confident about it. I'm not really into this speaking in public, but I think my voice sounded. pretty good   I can't remember the last time I thing in public.  
8 LD/E:INTERACTIVE  You wanted dwell on my bad point?  bright Wait what bar with the direction following again?  Alright, then head. tennis like Simon Says I think I got through the first. for and then  Did something wrong.   I do but in this case. I don't think it was my memory. I think it was more of like coordination not paying attention thing.      Like I said it wasn't necessarily that I didn't remember it but as I was going through them. It was like turn right and I turn left and said and Sort of thing, but I see I knew what I should be doing I just didn't do it, right. survive
9 T/HE:SURVIVAL  Fair        Like I said self-defense, but not necessarily survival.  If I didn't have really any first aid training.
10 LD/E:FOODWINE  now Like I said group on a farm. We had here around.  Only when my grandma there was there.   The only one that I could drink it's like white sweet bread. I hate red wine. 
11 LU/H:NYCGEOGRAPHY   excellent No, I said when I first got here. There was definitely some time for us lost and I had the map out like a tourist, but I think the question was recently and I haven't been lost recently.      visit     It's because I study the maps but. I didn't actually go to all these places.  When I first got here, I didn't have a job.
12 T/E:CIVICS   I do.  Well, I registered to vote 5 years ago, and I live here so. Whenever the next election came up.   Just one in the very beginning, then I had to focus on my major.  neuroscience  
